Preface to the reader.


I have already touched briefly on questions about God and the human mind in
_Dissertation on the Method of Rightly Governing Reason and Truth in
sciences to be investigated_ published in French in the year 1637. Not indeed as they themselves
I would treat it accurately there, but only to the point of being boring, and based on the judgments of the readers.
I would learn how they were to be treated later. For they are of such importance to me.
They were seen, so that I should judge that they should be dealt with more than once; and the way
I follow in explaining them, so little worn, and so far removed from common use.
remote, so that I did not consider it useful in French, and everywhere from everyone
To teach more widely by reading and writing, lest even weaker minds be trusted 
They could enter it for themselves.

But when I had asked everyone there who had anything in my writings
It would seem worthy of reprimand, that they would deign to warn me of it, in no way
The things I have touched upon regarding these questions are worthy of note.
except for two, to which I will briefly refer here, before going into more detail about them.
I will attempt an explanation, I will answer. The first is, from the fact that the human mind
When turned inward, it does not perceive itself to be anything other than a thinking thing, not
to follow, its nature or _essence_ consists solely in the fact that it is
thinking of things, so that the word _only_ excludes all the rest, which perhaps
They could also be said to belong to the nature of the soul. To which objection
I answer that I also did not want to exclude them there in relation to the matter itself.
the truth (which of course I was not talking about at the time), but only in order to
my perception, so much so that it was a sense that I clearly knew nothing that
I would know that it pertains to my essence, apart from being a thinking thing.
or a thing having in itself the faculty of thinking. But in the following |
I will show how, from that, nothing else pertains to my essence.
I will know, it follows, that nothing else really pertains to it.

The second is, from the fact that I do not have within myself the idea of ​​something more perfect than myself.
to follow the very idea that I am more perfect, and much less that which is through
This idea is represented as existing. But I answer that it is here present.
equivocation in the word idea; for it can be taken either materially, for
by the operation of the intellect, in which sense I cannot be said to be more perfect, or
objectively, for the thing represented by that operation, which thing, even if not
Supposed to exist outside the intellect, it can nevertheless be more perfect than me.
by reason of its essence. But how, from this alone that I am
If there is a more perfect idea in me, it follows that that thing really exists, in general.
will be explained in the following.

I have indeed seen, moreover, two certain writings which are quite long, but which are not
Both my reasons for these matters and my conclusions are based on the arguments of atheists.
They were attacked on borrowed common ground. And since arguments of this kind
They can have no power over those who understand my arguments,
And so absurd and weak are the judgments of many, that they are more
First, having accepted opinions, however false and contrary to reason,
be persuaded, than by true and firm, but later heard of them
refutation, I do not wish to respond to them here, lest they should be referred to me first.
And so generally I will say all those things which are commonly tossed about by atheists.
The existence of God must always be challenged, depending on whether or not human
May our feelings be shaped by God, or may our minds have such great power and wisdom.
It is claimed that God can and should determine and
Let us try to comprehend; so that, just as long as we are mindful of our minds
are to be considered as finite, but God as incomprehensible and
infinite, these things will not cause us any difficulty.

Now, after I have once experienced the judgments of men, I will again
Here I tackle the same questions about God and the human mind, and at the same time the whole
to treat the beginnings of early philosophy; but in such a way that no vulgar
I expect applause, and no attendance of readers: indeed, even to none.
I am responsible for reading these things, except only for those who seriously meditate with me,
and to withdraw the mind from the senses, and at the same time from all prejudices
They will be able and willing, such as I know well are found only in very few.
But as for those who, the series and connection of my arguments
not caring to comprehend, only in individual clauses, as in many
As is customary, they will try to argue, not much from the reading of this writing.
They will receive the fruit: and although perhaps in many things they will be scorned
They may find an opportunity, but it is not easy to find something that is urgent or
They will object that it is worthy of a response.

Because I do not even promise to others that I will be at the forefront of everything.
I will satisfy you, and I do not boast so much as to trust that I can do everything.
to foresee what will seem difficult to someone, first of all in
I will explain those very thoughts in meditations, with the help of which I will lead to a certain and
I seem to have reached a clear knowledge of the truth, so that I may try whether
perhaps for the same reasons by which I am convinced, others also 
I can persuade you. But later I will respond to the objections of some men.
of those of excellent intellect and learning, to whom these Meditations, before
They were sent to be printed and examined. For there are many and varied enough from
They were objects, so that I dared not easily hope for anything from others,
At least for some moment, it will come to mind that they have not yet touched upon.
And therefore I ask readers again and again not to read about the Meditations before
Let them judge, than these objections, and all their solutions
They should deign to read it .




Synopsis of the six following meditations.


In the first, the causes are explained for which all things, especially
material things, we can doubt; as long as we do not have other
the foundations of the sciences than those which we had before. But even though this
The benefit of such doubt may not appear at first glance, but it is there nonetheless.
The greatest thing is that it frees us from all prejudices, and the easiest way
It spreads out to divert the mind from the senses: and finally it causes, that from them,
which we shall afterwards discover to be true, we shall no longer be able to doubt.

| In the second, the mind which, using its own freedom, supposes all these things 
not exist, about whose existence one can have even the slightest doubt,
He noticed that it was impossible for her to exist in the meantime. Which also
It is of the utmost utility, since in this way it easily distinguishes which one to
themselves, that is, to the intellectual nature, and which ones belong to the body.
But because perhaps some arguments about the immortality of the soul in that place
They will wait, I think they should be warned here that I have tried to write nothing that
I would not demonstrate accurately; and therefore I could not have followed a different order,
than that which is usual among geometers, so that I might put everything first.
on which the sought proposition depends, before anything is said about it
I would conclude. But the first and most important thing, which is a prerequisite for
The immortality of the soul must be known, and it must be as clear as possible about it.
We form a concept, and one that is clearly distinct from every concept of the body; which
It was done there. Furthermore, it is also required that we know all those things which
we understand clearly and distinctly, in the same way that we understand them,
to be true: which could not be proven before the fourth Meditation; and
There must be a distinct concept of corporeal nature, which is partly contained in the
second, partly also in the fifth and sixth; and from these it should
All those things which are clearly and distinctly conceived, such as substances, are concluded
different, as the mind and body are conceived, are in reality substances
really distinct from each other; and this was concluded in the sixth. And the same also
confirmed in it, from the fact that no body except divisible
Let us understand, but against no mind except an indivisible one: for neither
We can conceive the middle part of anyone's mind, just as we can of anyone's.
however small their bodies may be, so much so that their natures are not only diverse,
but also in a certain way they are acknowledged to be contrary. But I will not go further on that subject.
in this writing I have done; both because these are sufficient to show from
The destruction of the mind does not follow the corruption of the body, and thus to another
hope of life to be given to mortals; and also because the premises, from which
The immortality of the mind itself can be concluded from all of Physics 
depend on explanation: first, that all substances may be known, whether
Things that must be created by God in order to exist must by their nature exist.
incorruptible, nor can they ever cease to exist, except by the same God.
By denying their confluence, they are reduced to nothing, and then as
It should be noted that the body, taken in general, is a substance, and therefore
never perish; but the human body, insofar as it differs from the rest
bodies, only from a certain configuration of the limbs, and others
that it is molded by such accidents, but the human mind is not so
consist of no accidents, but are pure substance: for even if all things
His accidents are changed, so that what he understands in one way, he wills in another,
may feel differently, etc., but the mind itself does not become different for that reason: but the human
A body becomes different simply because the shape of some of its parts changes:
From which it follows that the body indeed perishes very easily, but the mind from
that by its nature it is immortal.

In the third Meditation my main argument for proving God | 
I have explained existence sufficiently in detail, as it seems to me. However, because, as
I would distract the readers' minds as much as possible from their senses, with none there.
I wanted to use comparisons drawn from physical things, perhaps many.
Obscurities remained, but which, I hope, will be clarified later in the responses.
to objections that will be clearly removed; as among others how the idea of ​​being
The supremely perfect, which is within us, has only objective reality,
so that it cannot not be from a supremely perfect cause, which is illustrated there.
compared to a very perfect machine, the idea of ​​which is in someone's mind
of the artist; for as an artefact it must have the objective of this idea.
some cause, namely the knowledge of this artist, or of some other
as he received it, so the idea of ​​God, which is in us, cannot but
to have God himself as the cause.

In the fourth it is proven that all those things which we perceive clearly and distinctly are
true: and at the same time in what the reason for the falsehood consists is explained: which
They must necessarily be known both for confirming the preceding ones and for the rest.
to be understood. (But meanwhile it is to be noted that in no way is it being discussed about 
sin, or error that is committed in the pursuit of good and evil, but of
only to that which occurs in the judgment of truth and falsehood. Nor is it to be regarded,
which pertain to faith, or to the conduct of life, but only speculative;
and truths known only by the help of natural light.)

In the fifth, besides explaining corporeal nature taken in general,
The existence of God is also demonstrated by a new reason: but in which again
Some difficulties may arise, which will be discussed later in the response to
The objections will be resolved: and finally it will be shown in what way it is true.
The certainty of the geometrical demonstrations themselves comes from the knowledge of God.
to hang.

Finally, in the sixth, understanding is separated from imagination; of distinctions
The signs are described: it is proven that the mind is really distinct from the body:
that it is nevertheless so closely united to him, as to be one with him
It is shown that all errors which usually arise from the senses,
are listed, ways in which they can be avoided are explained; and finally, the reasons
| all from which the existence of material things can be concluded, 
are brought forward: not that I would think them very useful for proving that very thing.
which they prove, namely that there really is some world, and that there are people
bodies, and the like, about which no one of sound mind has ever seriously doubted;
but because, considering them, it is recognized that they are not so firm, nor so
transparent, how are those through which we can gain knowledge of our mind and of God?
we have arrived at; so that these are the most certain and evident of all, which
can be known by human intelligence. The proof of which one thing is in these
I have set myself the goal of meditations. Nor for that reason do I review here various
those questions which are also discussed in them on occasion.




Meditation I. On those things which can be called into doubt.


I noticed several years ago how many false beliefs are made at an early age.
I have admitted to the truth, and how doubtful are any of these things afterwards 
I have built up too much, and therefore everything must be completely overthrown once in a lifetime,
and to begin again from the first foundations, if ever there was anything firm and
I would like to remain established in the sciences; but it seemed to be an enormous task,
And I was waiting for that age, which would be so ripe, that I could take
No one more suitable for the disciplines would follow. Why did I hesitate so long to
From now on I would be at fault, if there is any time left to act,
I would spend it deliberatingly. Therefore, today it is appropriate to set your mind free from all worries.
I have been released, I have secured for myself a secure leisure, I am retiring alone, seriously at last and
I will freely devote myself to this general overturning of my opinions.

But for this it will not be necessary for me to show that they are all false, because
Perhaps I could never achieve it; but since reason now convinces me, I will not
less accurately from those things which are not absolutely certain and indubitable, than
That assent should be restrained from openly false things will be enough for all.
to be rejected if I find any reason to doubt in each one. Nor
Therefore, each one will have to be covered, because it would be a task 
infinite: but because, having dug the foundations, whatever is built on them
It will collapse spontaneously, I will immediately attack the very principles by which it all
What I once believed was true.

Namely, whatever I have hitherto admitted as most true, either from the senses or through
I have received senses, but I have found them sometimes to be deceptive; and of prudence
It is never right to trust those who have deceived us even once.

But perhaps, although sometimes the sense of certain minutes and more remote things
may be mistaken, yet there are many other things about which there can be absolutely no doubt,
although they are drawn from the same; so that now I am here, sitting by the fireplace, in the winter
to be wearing a toga, to hold that paper in your hands, and the like: hands
But these very things, and this whole body of mine, how could it be possible?
be denied? Unless perhaps I compare myself to I know not what madmen, whose brains
The vapor from black bile is so stubborn that they constantly assert or
that they are kings when they are the poorest, or clothed in purple when they are naked,
Either they have a head made of clay, or they are all gourds, or they are made of glass.
but these are fools, and I myself would seem no less insane, 
If I could transfer any example from them to myself.

Excellent indeed, as if I were not a man who was accustomed to sleep at night, and the same
to suffer everything in dreams, or even sometimes less likely than what
These vigilant ones: how frequently indeed is this customary, that I am here, the toga
To dress, to sit by the fire, the night's quiet persuades, yet with the
I lie in my clothes among the beds! But now, surely, with watchful eyes
I look at this paper, this head that I move, this hand, is not asleep.
I extend and feel this one, prudent and knowing, not so distinct.
would happen to a sleeping person. As if I don't remember similar things too.
I have been deceived by thoughts in other dreams: which while I think
Pay close attention, I see so clearly that I never wake from sleep with certain signs.
It is possible to distinguish, so that I am astonished, and almost this very amazement gives me an opinion.
May your sleep be strengthened.

Come then, let us dream, and let not these particulars be true, let us open our eyes,
to move the head, to stretch out the hands, and perhaps we ourselves do not have such hands,
nor is the whole body like that; yet it must be admitted that it was seen through 
that peace is like certain painted images, which are only for
They could be imagined as a resemblance to real things; and therefore at least general
These, eyes, head, hands, and the whole body, are certain non-imaginary things,
but that they exist in reality: for indeed the painters themselves, not even then, when they painted the Sirens
And Satyrs strive to portray the most unusual forms, to portray natures from every angle.
They can assign new parts to them, but only to different animals.
they mix up the members; or if perhaps they devise something so new that nothing
It seemed completely similar to him, and so it is clearly fictitious and false;
Certainly, however, there must at least be true colors from which it is derived.
And not with a dissimilar reason, although these are also general, the eyes,
The head, hands, and the like could be imaginary, but they are necessarily
At least some other things are still more simple and universal to be true.
It must be admitted that from which, as from true colors, all these or true
or false images of things are formed, which are in our thought.

Of what kind do corporeal natures seem to be in general, and of what kind 
extension; likewise the shape of extended things, likewise the quantity, whether of the same
magnitude and number: likewise the place in which they exist, and the time through which
they last, and the like.

Therefore, from these we may perhaps not wrongly conclude that Physics, Astronomy,
Medicine, and all other disciplines, which are derived from the composites of things
depend on consideration, are indeed doubtful, but arithmetic,
Geometry, and other things of the kind, which are not concerned except with the simplest and
They deal with most general matters, and whether they are in the nature of things.
nor do they care little that they contain anything certain and indubitable: for whether
Whether I am awake or asleep, two and three joined together are five,
and a square has no more sides than four; nor is it possible
It seems that such clear truths run into the suspicion of falsehood.

However, an old opinion has been impressed upon my mind, that it is God who
He can do all things, and by whom I was created as I am. But whence?
I know that he did not make it so that there is absolutely no earth, no heaven, no
an extended thing, no shape, no size, no place, and yet 
Do all these things not seem to exist to me differently than they do now? Yes, even
Just as I sometimes judge that others err about those things which they consider most perfectly.
They think they know, so that I am deceived whenever I add two and three together, or
How many sides of a square can be imagined, or if anything else can be imagined more easily?
Perhaps God did not want me to be deceived in this way, for He is said to be supremely good; but if this
It would be contrary to his goodness to have created me such that I would always be deceived by the same
It would also seem strange to allow myself to be deceived sometimes; which is the last thing
yet it cannot be said.

But perhaps there would be some who would prefer such a powerful God.
deny, than to believe that all other things are uncertain, but not to them
Let us resist, and let us admit that all this about God is fictitious, but either by fate or
by chance, or by a continuous series of events, or in any other way, led me to that which
I am, let them suppose that they have arrived; since to be deceived and to err is a certain imperfection.
It seems that the less powerful they assign to my origin, the more
It will be more probable that I am so imperfect that I am always mistaken: to which of course
I have no arguments to respond to, but I am finally forced to admit 
There is nothing that I once thought to be true about which it is not permissible to doubt.
and this not through inconsideration or frivolity, but because of strong and
deliberated reasons, and therefore also from the same, no less than from the openly
False and accurate assent should be restrained from now on, if anything is certain.
I would like to find it.

But it is not yet enough to have noticed these things, I must take care to remember them constantly.
For habitual opinions recur and take over my credulity.
as if bound to him by long use and by right of familiarity, almost even to me
I refuse, nor will I ever consent to them, nor will I ever cease to trust them, as long as such people exist.
I will assume that they are what they really are, namely, in some way doubtful, as
It has already been shown, but nevertheless very probable, and which are much
It is more consistent with reason to believe than to deny. Therefore, in order to
I think I wouldn't be acting badly if I deliberately turned myself completely against it.
I will deceive, and for a while I will pretend that they are completely false and imaginary,
until finally, as if the weights of prejudices on both sides were equal, there was no
more | my judgment is distorted by a wrong custom from a correct perception of things 
For I know that there is no danger or error from it in the meantime.
would follow, and I could not indulge in more equal distrust,
Since now I am not concentrating on doing things, but only on knowing them.

Let me suppose, then, that there is not the best God, the source of truth, but some genius.
The evil one, who is also supremely powerful and cunning, uses all his energy in
I will think that the sky, the air, the earth, the colors,
that shapes, sounds, and all external things are nothing more than amusements
of dreams, with which he set traps for my credulity: I will consider myself
He himself, as if having no hands, no eyes, no flesh, no blood,
Not that I have any sense, but that I am falsely assuming that I have all these things: I will remain
obstinately fixed in this meditation, and thus indeed not in
It is in my power to know something of truth, but certainly this which is in me.
lest I assent to falsehoods, nor this deceiver, however powerful, do anything to me,
No matter how clever he may impose, I will beware with a firm mind. But
This is a laborious and somewhat habitual laziness 
It brings me back to life. And no differently than a prisoner, who perhaps imagines
He enjoyed freedom in his dreams, when later he began to suspect that he was sleeping,
He fears being aroused, and slowly winks at flattering illusions: thus spontaneously
I fall back into old beliefs, and I fear waking up, lest I lose my peaceful rest.
A laborious vigil succeeding not in any light, but among inextricable
The darkness of the difficulties that have now arisen must be lived out in the future.




Meditation II. On the nature of the human mind. That it is better known than
body.


Yesterday's meditation threw me into so many doubts that I cannot.
I can no longer forget them, and yet I do not see by what means they should be resolved,
But as if he had fallen unexpectedly into a deep whirlpool, so troubled
I am, so that I can neither set my foot on the bottom nor swim to the top. 
I will nevertheless strive and attempt again the same path that I had taken yesterday,
namely, by removing everything that admits even the slightest doubt,
no different than if I had discovered that it was completely false; and I will continue on.
until something is certain or if nothing else, at least this very thing, for sure,
I will know that nothing is certain. Archimedes sought nothing but a point, which
It would be firm and immovable, so that it would move the entire earth in place; great
They are also to be hoped for, if I find even the slightest thing that is certain and
unshaken.

I suppose, therefore, that everything I see is false, I believe that nothing ever existed.
I have absolutely no sense of what a false memory represents;
Body, figure, extension, motion, and place are chimeras; what then?
Will it be true? Perhaps this one thing, nothing is certain.

But how do I know that there is nothing different from all those things which I have already enumerated?
about whom there is not even the slightest reason to doubt? Is there any God,
or by whatever name I call him, who gives me these very thoughts
sends? | Why should I think this, when perhaps he himself is the author of them 
Can I be? Am I then at least something? But I have already denied myself.
to have any senses, and any body; yet I persist, for what is the point? Am I
So bound to the body and senses that I cannot exist without them? But
I am convinced that there is absolutely nothing in the world, no heaven, no earth,
no minds, no bodies, so does that mean I don't exist either? Yes, certainly.
I was somehow convinced of something. But there is a deceiver, I don't know who, most high.
powerful, highly cunning, who always deceives me on purpose; without a doubt
Therefore, I am also, if he deceives me, and deceives me as much as he can, never
Yet it will make me nothing as long as I think I am something, so much so that
Enough for all, and above all else, let this be decided.
pronounced: _I am, I exist_, whenever it is uttered by me, or
conceived by the mind, is necessarily true.

But I do not yet fully understand who I am, who must now necessarily
I am, and henceforth I must be careful, lest I inadvertently assume something else.
in my place, and thus I would also be lost in that knowledge, which all 
I contend that it is the most certain and the most evident. Therefore I will now meditate again.
What did I once believe I was, before I fell into these thoughts?
from which I will then deduct whatever the reasons adduced or
The least could be weakened, so that ultimately precisely that much remains.
which is certain and unshakeable.

So what exactly did I think I was before? A man, of course, but what is it?
Man? Shall I say rational animal? No, because that would have to be investigated later.
What is an animal, and what is rational, and so from one question in
I would have fallen into many more difficult paths; nor do I now have so much leisure as that
I would like to exploit these kinds of subtleties. But here I should rather pay attention to what
Spontaneously, and guided by nature, my thoughts used to occur to me whenever something occurred to me.
I considered myself: namely, it first occurred to me that I had a face, hands,
arms, and this whole mechanism of limbs, such as is also found in a corpse
is seen, and which I designated by the name of the body; it occurred before 
I am nourished, I walk, I feel and I think; which actions are
I referred to the soul; but what this soul was, I either did not notice, or
I imagined something small, like wind, or fire, or ether,
which had been infused into my coarser parts. But of the body, let it not
I doubted indeed, but I thought I knew clearly its nature, which
If perhaps I had attempted to describe it as I conceived it in my mind, so
I would have explained: by body I understand everything that is suitable for a figure.
to limit something, to circumscribe a place, to fill a space in such a way that something else arises from it
excludes all body; perceived by touch, sight, hearing, taste, or smell,
nor is it moved in many ways, not indeed by itself, but by something else.
by which it is touched; for it has the power of moving itself, as well as of feeling, or
I judged that thinking in no way pertains to the nature of the body; on the contrary,
I was rather surprised that such faculties were found in certain bodies.

But what now where I suppose some very powerful deceiver, and, if
It is fair to say that, evil, given the work in all things as much as possible, I 
deceived? Can I affirm that I have even the least of all of them,
What have I already said pertains to the nature of the body? I pay attention, I think, I ponder,
Nothing comes to mind, I am tired of repeating the same things in vain. But what of those things which
I attributed to the soul, to be nourished, or to walk? Since the body is no longer
I have, these too are nothing but fictions. To feel? namely this too
It does not happen without a body, and I have seemed to feel many things in my dreams, which
Then I realized that I hadn't felt it. Think? Here I find, thought.
It is , this alone cannot be torn away from me; I am, I exist, that is certain.
But how long? Namely, as long as I think; for perhaps it could also be done if
I would cease from all thought, so that I would immediately cease to be whole: nothing now.
I admit nothing except that which is necessarily true: therefore I am precisely only a thing.
thinking, that is, mind, or spirit, or intellect, or reason, words
of a meaning previously unknown to me. But I am a real thing, and truly
"Existing, but what kind of thing?" I said, thinking.

What else? I will imagine: I am not that bond of members, which 
The human body is called: I am not even some thin air to these
infused into the limbs, not wind, not fire, not vapor, not breath, not
Whatever I imagine for myself, for I have assumed that this is nothing. The position remains,
nevertheless, I am something. Perhaps it happens that this
The very things which I suppose to be nothing, because they are unknown to me, are nevertheless in reality
In truth, do they not differ from the me whom I know? I don't know, I don't know about this matter anymore.
I dispute; I can only pass judgment on those things which are known to me. I know
I exist, I ask who I am that I know; the most certain thing is this
Thus, precisely taken knowledge does not depend on those things that do not yet exist.
I know: therefore not from any of those things which I depict with my imagination. And this
The word, _effingo_, reminds me of my error: for I would really invent if anything
I would imagine myself to be, because imagining is nothing other than the act of imagining a corporeal thing.
to contemplate a figure or image; but now I know for sure that I am,
and at the same time it is possible that all these images, and in general whatever
are referred to the nature of the body, they are nothing | except insomnia. 
Having observed these things, I seem no less foolish in saying, I will imagine that
I will recognize more clearly who I am than if I said, "I already am."
Having woken up, I see some truth, but because I do not yet see clearly enough,
Given the work, I will fall asleep so that this very dream may be more true and clearer to me.
Therefore, I know nothing of what I can do with the help of imagination.
to comprehend what pertains to this knowledge that I have of myself, and to keep my mind from
that they should be most diligently called upon, so that their very nature which
perceive it most distinctly.

But what then am I? a thinking thing; what is this? namely, doubting,
understanding, affirming, denying, willing, unwilling, also imagining, and
feeling.

These are certainly not a few things, if they all stick to me . But why not?
Are they relevant? Am I not the one who now doubts almost everything that
Yet I understand somewhat, who affirm that this one thing is true, and deny the rest,
I want to know more, I don't want to be deceived, I imagine many things, even if reluctantly, many things too.
I perceive as if coming from the senses. What is it of these, which you see 
I will always sleep, although even he who created me, as far as he is able, will wake me up.
deceives, that it is not equally true as that I am? What is it that is from my
Is it distinguished by thought? What is there that can be said to be separate from myself?
For it is so obvious that I am the one who doubts, the one who understands, the one who wills.
is that nothing occurs by which it can be explained more clearly. But also
I am the same as I imagine, for although perhaps, as I supposed, there is no
The imagined thing may be completely true, yet the very power of imagining is really
It exists, and it forms part of my thought. Finally, I am the same who
I perceive, or who perceives corporeal things as if through the senses. Obviously
Now I see light, I hear noise, I feel heat; these are false,
For I am sleeping. But certainly I seem to see, to hear, to be warmed. This is false.
cannot, this is properly what is called feeling in me; and this
Taken precisely in this way, it is nothing other than thinking.

From which I am beginning to know somewhat better who I am: but still
yet it seems, and I cannot refrain from thinking, that corporeal things, 
whose images are formed by thought, and which the senses themselves explore,
I recognize myself much more distinctly than that I don't know what is mine, which is under
It does not come to the imagination: although it is certainly a wonderful thing that
I notice that they are doubtful, unknown, alien to me, more distinctly than what
It is true that what is known, and ultimately what is understood by me, is better than myself. But
I see what it is, my mind rejoices to wander, it does not yet allow itself to be within.
The limits of truth are restrained. Let it be, then, and once more the most lax
Let us allow him the reins, so that when they are brought back a little later, it will be easier.
He should allow himself to be ruled.

Let us consider those things which are commonly thought to be the most distinct of all.
understood; namely, the bodies which we touch, which we see, not indeed
bodies in general, for these perceptions are somewhat more general
They are usually confused, but one in particular. Let us take, for example,
This wax; it was recently extracted from the honeycombs, it has not yet lost all its flavor.
its honey retains some of the scent of the flowers from which it was collected; its
The color, shape, size, are obvious: it is hard, it is cold, 
It is easily touched, as if it were a joint that would emit a sound; everything is fine with it.
are present, which seem to be required for any body to be able to
But behold, while I speak, the fire is brought near, the taste
The remains are purified, the odor is exhaled, the color is changed, the shape is removed,
It grows in size, becomes liquid, becomes hot, can hardly be touched, and even if
The pulsations will emit a sound. Does the same wax still remain? It must be admitted that it remains,
No one denies it; no one thinks otherwise. What was it then in it that made it so distinctly
Was it understood? Certainly nothing of what I touched with my senses, for
whatever is under taste, or smell, or sight, or touch, or hearing
They came, they have now changed: the wax remains.

Perhaps it was what I'm thinking now, namely the wax itself, not the wax itself.
that there was that sweetness of honey, nor the fragrance of flowers, nor that
whiteness, nor shape, nor sound, but a body that appeared to me a little
Before it was visible in these ways, now in different ways: but what is this precisely?
which I imagine so? Let us pay attention, and having removed those things which do not apply to wax 
relevant, let us see what remains, namely nothing else than an extended what,
flexible, changeable. But what is this flexible, changeable thing? or what
I imagine this wax from a round shape into a square, or from this into
Can a triangular shape be turned? No way, for there are innumerable such shapes.
I understand that it is capable of changes, yet I cannot comprehend the innumerable ones.
to traverse by imagining, and therefore this comprehension does not come from imagining.
It is accomplished by faculty. What is extended? Is it also its very extension?
Is it unknown? For in melting wax it becomes greater, greater in boiling,
and again greater, if the heat increases; nor would I rightly judge what wax is,
Unless I think that this also has many more varieties according to its extension.
to admit, than I had ever imagined. It remains therefore to
I will admit, I can't imagine what this wax is, but only in my mind.
to perceive: I say this in particular, for it is clearer about wax in general
It is. But what is this wax that is not perceived except by the mind? Namely
the same thing that I see, that I touch, that I imagine, the same thing that I see from 
I thought it was at first: but, what should be noted, his perception
It is not vision, not touch, not imagination, nor has it ever been, although
It would have seemed so before, but only the inspection of the mind, which is either imperfect
It can be both confused, as it was before, or clear and distinct, as it is now.
It is, according as I pay more or less attention to those things from which it is established.

But I wonder in the meantime how prone my mind is to errors, for although this
I contemplate silently and without a word, yet I cling to the words themselves,
And I am almost deceived by the very usage of speaking: for we say that we see wax.
Even if it is present, do not judge it to be present from its color or shape.
From which I would immediately conclude, therefore, wax is made by the vision of the eye, not only of the mind.
to be known by inspection, unless perhaps I had already looked out the window at the people in
Passing through the street, whom I call wax, no less habitually than wax.
to see me. But what do I see besides the hats and clothes under which I hide?
They could be automatons, but I judge that they are men: and thus that which | 
I thought I could see with my eyes, only by the ability to judge what was in my mind.
It is, I understand.

But let him be ashamed of himself who desires to be wise above the common people, from the forms of speech which the common people use.
He found that he had sought doubt, and we will continue from now on, paying attention to whether
I perceived more perfectly and more clearly what wax was when I first
I looked at it, and I believed it with the external sense itself, or at least with the sense
to know in common, as they call it, that is, with the imaginative power; or indeed
Rather now, after I have investigated more carefully, both what it is, and
How is it known? Certainly it would be foolish to doubt this matter, for what
Was it distinct in the first perception? What is it that is not from any animal?
It would seem that it could be had? But when I distinguish wax from external forms,
and as if stripped of her clothes, I consider her naked, so indeed she is, although
There may still be an error in my judgment, but I cannot do without human judgment.
to perceive with the mind.

But what shall I say about this very mind, or about myself, for there is nothing else yet?
I admit that there is something in me besides my mind. What, I say, am I who has this 
I seem to perceive wax so distinctly, is it not myself that much?
more true, much more certain, but also much more distinct, more evident
Do I know? For if I judge that wax exists from the fact that I see it, certainly
It becomes much more evident that I myself also exist from the very fact that I do this.
For it may happen that what I see is not truly wax, that it may happen
It is possible that I may not even have eyes with which to see anything; but it may happen
Clearly it cannot be when I see, or (which I no longer distinguish) when I think.
to see myself, so that I myself, thinking, am not something. In a similar way, if
I judge it to be wax from the fact that if I touch this, the same thing will happen again.
namely, that I am: if from what I imagine, or from any other cause,
The same is true. But this very thing that I notice about wax, in addition to everything else,
It is permissible to apply what is placed outside of me. Furthermore, if more
The perception of wax seemed distinct, after I had not seen it from the ground
by sight or touch, but it became known for several reasons, the more distinctly I
It must be admitted that I now know him, since no 
Reasons for the perception of wax or of any other body
They can help, but all of them better prove the nature of my mind.
But there are also so many other things in the mind itself, from which its knowledge
It can be made more distinct, so that those things which emanate from the body to it are scarcely
They seem to be counted.

And behold, at last I have voluntarily returned to that which I wanted, for with me now
It is known that bodies themselves are not properly known by the senses, or by imagination.
faculty, but is perceived by the intellect alone, and is not perceived from the fact that
They may be touched or seen, but only from the fact that they are understood, openly.
I know that nothing can be perceived by my mind more easily or more clearly. But
Because the custom of an old opinion cannot be set aside so quickly, it is acceptable here.
to stand, so that this new knowledge may be more deeply rooted in the longevity of my memory
He is absorbed in meditation.




Meditation III. On God, that He exists. 


I will now close my eyes, I will stop my ears, I will call away all the senses, the images.
Even all corporeal things I will either erase from my thoughts, or certainly,
Because this can hardly be done, I will regard them as empty and false,
And by addressing myself alone, and by looking more deeply into myself, I gradually understand myself.
I will try to make it more familiar and familiar. I am the one thinking about things, that is.
doubting, affirming, denying, understanding a few things, ignoring many things,
willing, unwilling, imagining and feeling too; for as I noticed before,
Although those things I feel or imagine are perhaps nothing outside of me,
However, those modes of thinking which I call senses and imaginations,
Insofar as there are only certain ways of thinking, I am certain that they exist within me.

And in these few words I have listed everything that I truly know, or at least that I think I know.
I have noticed this far. Now I will look around more carefully, perhaps 
There are still other things with me that I have not yet looked at. I am certain that I am a thing.
Thinking, do I then also know what is required to be about something?
Are you sure? In this first knowledge there is nothing else than clear
a certain and distinct perception of what I affirm; which of course is not
It would be enough to make me certain of the truth of the matter, if it ever could be.
To happen that something that I perceived so clearly and distinctly was false
would be: and therefore I now seem to be able to establish as a general rule, that
All that is true is that which I perceive very clearly and distinctly.

However, I have previously admitted many things as absolutely certain and clear, which nevertheless
Later I discovered that there were doubts: what then were these things? namely, the earth,
The sky, the stars, and all the other things that I used to use my senses for; but what about
Did I clearly perceive them? Namely, the very ideas of such things, whether
Thoughts confront my mind; but not even now do those ideas enter my mind.
I am infecting myself. But there was something else that I affirmed, and which | 
Also, due to the habit of believing, I thought I clearly perceived that
Yet I really did not perceive, namely, that there were certain things outside of me, from which
These ideas proceeded, and to which they were entirely similar; and this was,
In which I was either mistaken, or certainly, if I judged it true, it was not in my power.
It was a matter of perception.

But what about something very important about arithmetic or geometric things?
I considered it simple and easy, as if two and three were joined together.
five, or similar, did I at least look at them clearly enough, so that
Should I affirm that they are true? Indeed, there is no other reason to doubt them.
I judged later, than because perhaps some such God came to mind.
that he could have given me a nature so that I would be deceived even about those things which
would seem most obvious. But whenever these preconceived notions about the sum of God
The idea of ​​power occurs to me, I cannot help but admit, if indeed he wishes;
It would be easy for him to make me err, even in those things which I think I am mentally incapable of.
to look with the eyes as clearly as possible; but how often to the very things which
| I think I clearly perceive that I am turning away, so clearly from them 
I am persuaded that I will spontaneously burst into these words, let whoever can deceive me,
Yet it will never make me nothing, as long as I think I am something,
or that it may sometimes be true that I never existed, when it is now true that I exist;
or perhaps even that two and three joined together are more or fewer than
five, or similar, in which I recognize the repugnance
And certainly since I have no occasion to think that anyone
God is a deceiver, and I don't even know yet whether he is someone.
God, a very subtle and, so to speak, metaphysical reason for doubting,
which depends solely on that opinion. But in order that that also may be removed,
As soon as the opportunity arises, I must examine whether there is a God, and if so, whether
I may be a deceiver; for, ignorant of this matter, I do not seem to be concerned with any other matter.
I am absolutely certain that it can ever happen.

But now order seems to demand that I first put all my thoughts into
I will distribute certain types, and in which of them is truth or
I will inquire whether the fallacy properly exists. Some of these, as if they were facts 
There are images to which alone the name of idea properly belongs, as with
I think of a man, or a Chimera, or a Heaven, or an Angel, or God; others
But they have certain other forms besides, such as when I want, when I fear, when
I affirm, when I deny, always indeed some thing as the subject of my
I grasp the thought, but something even more than that.
I embrace the likeness in thought; and from these other wills, whether
affections, while others are called judgments.

Now, as regards ideas, if they are considered alone in themselves, and not in relation to anything else.
I will refer to them, they cannot properly be false, for whether it is a goat or
I imagine a chimera, it is no less true that I imagine one than the other.
There is no falsehood to be feared even in the will itself, or in the affections, for
However depraved, however much I may desire things that are nowhere, I cannot
Yet it is not true that I desire them, and therefore they alone remain.
judgments in which I must be careful not to be mistaken. But the chief error and
| the most frequent one that can be found in them consists in that 
that I judge the ideas that are within me by certain things placed outside me
to be similar, or conformed: for certainly, if only the ideas themselves as
I would consider certain modes of my thought, and not to anything else.
I would say, they could hardly give me any material for error.

But from these ideas some are innate, others adventitious, others from myself.
They seem made to me: for that I understand what a thing is, what it is
Truth, what is thought, I seem to have these from no other source than from
My very nature; but now that I hear a noise, see the sun,
I feel the fire, having proceeded so far from certain things placed outside of me.
I judged; and finally Sirens, Hippogryphs, and similar things by myself.
are invented: or perhaps I can even think that they are all adventitious, or
all innate, or all made; for we do not yet know their true origin.
I saw clearly.

But here we must inquire chiefly about those things which, as it were, are derived from things outside of me.
I consider them taken from existing things, what reason moves me to take them 
I would consider myself to be similar to these things; indeed, I seem to be so taught by nature, and
Moreover, I experience them not of my own will nor therefore of myself.
to hang on, for they often come upon me even against my will, so that now, whether I like it or not,
I feel heat, and therefore I think that sensation, or the idea of ​​heat, comes from
Something different from me, namely, from the fire I sit on, comes to me with heat,
And nothing is more obvious than to judge this thing by its own likeness.
rather than putting anything else into me.

I will now see whether these reasons are sufficiently strong. When I say this here, I
I am taught by nature, I understand only that I am carried by a certain spontaneous impulse.
In order to believe this, it was not shown to me by any natural light that it was true.
These two differ greatly; for whatever natural light I have
are shown, (such as that from the fact that I doubt it follows that I exist, and the like)
There can be no doubt about it, because there can be no other ability to which
equally faithful as to this light, and which things cannot teach that they are true;
but as for natural impulses, I have often judged myself by 
They were pushed into a worse direction when choosing the good.
would be done, nor do I see why I should trust them more in any other matter.

Then, although those ideas do not depend on my will, it does not mean that 
It is clear that they necessarily proceed from things placed outside me; for in order to
Those impulses, of which I was speaking just now, although they are in me, are from the will.
Yet my things seem to be different, so perhaps there is something else in me too.
a faculty, not yet sufficiently known to me, that produces these ideas, such as
Up until now, I have always seen them, while I dream, without any reality.
With the help of external things, to be formed in me.

And finally, although they proceeded from things different from mine, it does not follow from that
Those things should be similar to these things; indeed, in many cases, they are often great.
I seem to have detected a difference; for example, two different suns
I find ideas within myself, one as if drawn from the senses, and which are most
Among those that I consider adventitious is the one to be listed, through which I
It appears very small; but another, taken from the principles of astronomy,
| this is elicited from certain notions innate to me or 
in some other way made by me, by which several times greater than the earth
is shown; both are certainly similar to the same sun existing outside me
It cannot, and reason convinces us that it is most unlike him, which
which seems to have emanated most closely from him.

All of which sufficiently demonstrates that I have not hitherto made a certain judgment, but
only from some blind impulse to believe certain things different from me
to exist, which ideas or images through the organs of the senses, or by any
otherwise, let them send it to me.

But another way still occurs to me for investigating whether some things,
from those whose ideas are in me, they exist outside me. Namely, insofar as the ideas
These are just some ways of thinking, I don't recognize any of them.
inequality, and everyone seems to proceed in the same way from me; but
Insofar as one represents one thing and the other another, it is clear that they are the same from
very different from each other. For undoubtedly those which I consider to be substances
they exhibit, they are something greater, and, so to speak, more 
objective reality than those which only contain modes,
or accidents represent; and again those through which some supreme
God, eternal, infinite, omniscient, omnipotent, and of all things,
I understand the creator as those things that exist besides himself, more certainly than reality.
objective in itself, than those by which finite substances
are exhibited.

Now, however, it is clear from natural light that there should be at least as much.
in the efficient and total cause, as much as in the effect of the same cause, for
I ask, from where could an effect assume its reality, except from a cause?
And how could he give it to him for a reason, unless he also had it? And hence
It follows that neither can anything be made from nothing, nor even that which is more
It is perfect, that is, it contains more reality in itself than what
less: and this is not only clearly true of those effects, whose
reality is actual or formal; but also about ideas, in which
Only objective reality is considered; that is, not only cannot,
for example, some stone | which did not exist before, now begins to exist 
to be, unless it is produced by some thing in which the whole of it is or
formally, or eminently, that which is placed in the stone; nor can heat in
A subject that was not previously hot is introduced, unless by a thing that is of order.
at least as perfect as heat is, and so on for the rest; but in addition
Also, the idea of ​​heat or stone cannot exist in me unless it is placed in me.
be from some cause, in which there is at least as much reality as
I conceive it to be in heat, or in a stone. For although this cause has nothing of its own
actual or formal reality transfuses into my idea, not therefore
It must be assumed that it should be less real, but that such is nature.
of the idea itself, so that it does not require any other formal reality from itself, except
that which it borrows from my thought, whose mode it is; but that this
the idea contains this or that objective reality rather than another,
This must certainly have some cause in which there is as much to it.
the minimum of formal reality, as much as it contains of objective reality; for if
Let us suppose that something is found in the idea which was not in its cause, 
Therefore, it has this from nothing; but however imperfect this being may be,
the way in which a thing is objectively in the intellect through an idea, yet not certainly
It is clearly nothing, and therefore cannot be from nothing.

Nor should I even suspect, since the reality that I consider in my ideas,
is only objective, there is no need for the same reality to be formally in
the causes of those ideas, but it suffices if it is also in them objectively;
For just as this objective mode of being is appropriate to ideas from their very nature,
nature, so the formal mode of being is appropriate to the causes of ideas, at least
first and foremost, from their nature: and although perhaps one idea from another
can be born, yet here there is no progress to infinity, but finally to
There must be some first one, the cause of which is like an archetype, in which
All reality is formally contained which exists only objectively in the idea;
So much so that it is clear to me by natural light that ideas exist within me, as it were.
certain images, which can indeed easily fall short of perfection
things from which they are taken, but not anything greater or 
to contain more perfectly.

And the longer and more curiously I examine all this, the more clearly and
I know that they are more distinctly true; but what shall I conclude from these? Namely
If the objective reality of any of my ideas is such that I am certain
The same is neither formally nor eminently in me, nor therefore myself.
The reason for his idea could be, hence it necessarily follows that I am not alone.
in the world, but some other thing which is the cause of that idea, also
exist; but if no such idea is found in me, I will have none at all.
An argument that makes me certain of the existence of something different from me.
Let him return, for I have looked around very carefully at everything, and I could find nothing else.
find so far.

But from these ideas of mine, besides that which presents itself to me, of which
There can be no difficulty here, one thing is what God is, another thing is what things are.
corporeal and inanimate, some like angels, others like animals, and
Finally, others that represent other people like me.

And as for the ideas which other men, or animals, or angels 
They exhibit, I easily understand them from what I have of myself, and of things.
of corporeal things, and of God, can be composed, although no man but me, nor
animals, nor angels in the world.

But as for the ideas of corporeal things, nothing occurs in them that
Let it be so that it does not seem to have been possible for me to have set out on my own; for if
I will look more closely, and examine each one in the same way I examined it yesterday.
the idea of ​​wax: I notice that there are only very few things that are clearly and
I perceive distinctly, namely, the magnitude or extension in length,
wide and deep: a figure which is formed from the termination of that extension
arises; the position which diverse figures occupy in relation to each other; and the movement, whether
the change of that situation; to which can be added substance, duration, and
number: but the rest, such as light, and colors, sounds, smells, tastes,
heat and cold, and other tactile qualities, except very confusedly and
They are thought of by me in a vague way, so much so that I do not even know whether they are true or not.
false, that is, whether the ideas which I have about them are of certain things 
ideas, or not of things; for although falsehood properly so called, or
I noted a little earlier that formality can only be found in judgments,
Yet there is certainly some other material falsity in ideas, since it is not
They represent a thing as a thing: thus, for example, the ideas that I have
The differences between heat and cold are so unclear and distinct that they are difficult to distinguish from them.
I cannot learn whether cold is merely the deprivation of heat, or heat.
deprivation of cold, either both are real qualities, or neither; and
Because no ideas can exist except as things, if it is true.
Cold is nothing more than the deprivation of heat, an idea that I have
as if it represents something real and positive, not undeservedly false
It will be said, and so on about the rest.

For which it is certainly not necessary to have any author other than myself.
I will assign, for if indeed they are false, that is, if they represent no things,
It is known to me by natural light that they proceed from nothing, that is, not
It exists in me for no other reason than because something is lacking in my nature, nor
is a perfect plane; but if they are true, because yet so little 
They present to me reality, so that I cannot even make it from non-re.
I don't see why they can't be distinguished from me.

But from those things which are clear and distinct in the ideas of corporeal things,
I seem to have been able to borrow some things from my own idea, namely substance,
duration, number, and if there are any other things of that kind; for when I think
that a stone is a substance, or a thing which is capable of existing by itself,
and likewise that I am a substance, although I conceive myself to be a thinking thing,
and not extended; but a stone is an extended thing, and not thinking, and
Therefore, there is the greatest diversity between both concepts, yet in reason.
substances seem to agree; likewise, when I perceive that I am now, and
I remember it being some time ago, and I have various thoughts.
I understand the number of which, I acquire ideas of duration and number, which
Then I can transfer it to any other things. But everything else comes from
with which the ideas of corporeal things are confounded, namely | extension, 
shape, position, and movement, indeed in me, since I am nothing other than a thing
thinking, are not formally contained; but because they are only certain modes
Substances, and I am a substance, seem to be able to be contained in me.
eminently.

Therefore, the only thing that remains is the idea of ​​God, in which we must consider whether there is anything
which could not have originated from myself. By the name of God I understand the substance
some infinite, independent, supremely intelligent, supremely powerful and
from which both I myself, and everything else, if anything else exists, whatever
exists, is created. Which indeed all are such that the more diligently
I pay attention, so much the less they seem to have originated from me alone. And therefore from
From what has been said above, it must be concluded that God necessarily exists.

For although the idea of ​​substance is in me from the very fact that I am,
substance, yet it would not therefore be the idea of ​​an infinite substance, since I am
finite, unless from some substance which was truly infinite
would proceed.

Nor should I think that I do not perceive the infinite through a true idea, but only
through the negation of the finite, as I perceive rest, and darkness through 
the negation of motion and light; for on the contrary I clearly understand more
reality exists in an infinite substance rather than in a finite one, and therefore
In a way, the perception of the infinite precedes the perception of the finite in me, that is,
God's, rather than my own: for by what reason would I understand that I doubt, that I
To desire is to lack something, and to be not completely perfect, if
There would be no idea in me of a more perfect being, by comparison with which
Would I recognize my shortcomings?

Nor can it be said that this idea of ​​God is materially false, and therefore
It is possible to be nothing, as we said a little earlier about the ideas of heat and cold, and
I have noticed similar things; for on the contrary, since it is extremely clear and distinct, and
contains more objective reality than any other, none is by itself
more true, nor in which the least suspicion of falsehood is found. I say it is
This idea of ​​a being that is supremely perfect and infinite is most true; for although
Perhaps it can be imagined that such a being does not exist, but it cannot be imagined that it does.
The idea presents nothing real to me, as I said before about the idea of ​​cold. 
It is also most clear and distinct; for whatever is clearly and distinctly
I perceive, which is real and true, and which implies some perfection.
The whole is contained in it: nor does it prevent me from not comprehending the infinite, or
that there are countless other things in God which we cannot comprehend, nor perhaps even
I can reach it in any way with my thought; for it is of the nature of the infinite that
It is not comprehended by me, who am finite, and this itself is enough for me.
To understand and judge all those things which I clearly perceive and perfection.
I know some things to mean, and perhaps countless others that I am unaware of, or
to be formally or eminently in God, so that the idea I have of him is
Of all that is in me, the most true, and the most clear and distinct.

But perhaps I am something greater than I understand, and all those
The perfections which I attribute to God are in some way within me, even if
They have not yet come to their senses, nor are they brought back to action; for I am already experiencing
My knowledge is gradually increasing; and I do not see anything to hinder it from being less 
so that it may increase more and more to infinity, and also why knowledge is so
I cannot, with his help, attain all the other perfections of God; nor
Finally, why is the potential for these perfections, if it is already within me, not
suffice to produce an idea of ​​them.

Indeed, none of these things can be true, for first, in order for my knowledge to be true,
to increase gradually, and to have many powers in me that are not yet in actuality,
However, none of these things pertain to the idea of ​​God, in which there is absolutely nothing.
potential, for it is certain that this will gradually increase.
an argument for imperfection. Furthermore, even if my knowledge is always more
and may it increase more, nevertheless I understand that it will never actually be so.
infinite, because it will never reach a point where there will be no further increase.
be capable. But I judge that God is actually infinite in such a way that nothing of his
can be added to perfection. And finally I perceive that the objective of the idea is not from
only potential being, which, strictly speaking, is nothing, but only from
can be produced either actually or formally.

| Nor is there anything in all this that should be carefully 
It may not be obvious to the observer by natural light; but because with less
I pay attention, and the images of sensible things blind the mind's eye, not so much
I easily remember why the idea of ​​a being more perfect than me is necessarily derived from some being.
Let it proceed that it is truly more perfect: I would like to ask further, whether I
I myself, having that idea, could exist if no such being existed.

Of course, from whom would I be? From myself, of course, or from my parents, or from others.
anything less perfect than God, for nothing is more perfect than Him, not even
It can be thought or imagined to be equally perfect.

But if it were up to me, I would neither doubt, nor wish, nor do anything at all.
I would lack it, for all perfections of which there is some idea in me, are lacking to me.
I would have given, and thus I would be God myself: nor should I think that perhaps
What I lack is more difficult to acquire than what I already have.
are, for on the contrary, it is clear that it was far more difficult for me, that is
a thing, or a thinking substance, emerging from nothing, rather than from many
of things which I do not know the knowledges, which are only of that substance 
accidents are, to acquire. And certainly, if I had that greater from myself, I would not
I would have denied myself at least those things which can be obtained more easily: but neither
also any other of those things which I perceive to be contained in the idea of ​​God; because namely
Nothing seems more difficult to me to do: but if there are any things more difficult to do
If they were, they would certainly seem more difficult to me, since the rest of what
I have, I would have from myself, since my power is terminated in them.
I would try.

Nor do I escape the force of these reasons, if I suppose that I have perhaps always been so.
Now I am, as if it followed that there was no author of my existence.
to be sought: for since all the time of life is divided into innumerable parts
can be divided, each of which in no way depends on the others, from that
Just because I was there a little while ago doesn't mean I should be there now, unless there is some reason.
The cause, as it were, creates me again for this moment, that is, preserves me.
For it is clear to anyone who pays attention to the nature of duration that the same force is clearly
and that action is needed for whatever purpose at each moment in which 
It lasts to be preserved, which would be needed to create it anew, if not already
would exist, so much so that conservation differs from creation solely by reason.
also one of those things which are manifest by natural light.

Therefore, I must now ask myself whether I have any power through which
I can make it so that I, who I already am, will also be a little later:
For when I am nothing more than thinking about something, or at least when I am only thinking about it
For my part, I will now act precisely, thinking about what the matter is, if there is any such force in
If it were me, I would undoubtedly be aware of it; but I also experience that there is no
And from this very fact I most clearly recognize myself as being different from myself.
to hang.

Perhaps that being is not God, and was even produced by parents,
or from any other causes less perfect than God. Indeed, as already mentioned before
I said, it is clear that there must be at least as much in the case as
is in effect; and therefore since I am a thinking thing, and have a certain idea of ​​God in
having me, whatever my cause may ultimately be assigned, | that too 
to be a thinking thing and the idea of ​​all the perfections that I attribute to God
It must be admitted that it has; and it can again be asked about it whether it is from itself or from
other; for if from itself, it is clear from what has been said that it is God itself, because, namely,
Since it has the power of existing by itself, it undoubtedly also has the power of possessing.
actually all the perfections of which it has the idea in itself, that is, all that it
I conceive it to be from God. But if it is from another, again in the same way from this other
Let us ask whether it is from itself or from another, until we finally arrive at the ultimate cause.
Let it come, which will be God.

For it is sufficiently clear that there can be no infinite progression here,
especially since I am not only dealing here with the cause that once produced me, but
especially about that which preserves me at the present time.

Nor can one imagine more possible partial causes to make me
have come together, and from one the idea of ​​one of the perfections which I attribute to God, from
I received another idea from someone else, so much so that all of them
perfections are found somewhere in the universe, but not all at the same time | 
united in one thing, which is God; for, on the contrary, unity, simplicity,
or the inseparability of all those things which are in God, is one of
with the chief perfections which I understand to be in him; and certainly not
The idea of ​​the unity of all his perfections could be placed in me by
any cause from which I would not also have had ideas of other perfections; nor
For he could make them joined together and inseparable.
I would understand, unless He had at the same time caused me to recognize what they were.

Finally, as far as parents are concerned, so that everything that is said about them is true.
I have ever thought, yet they certainly do not preserve me, nor do they preserve me in any way.
They have only affected me, insofar as I am a thinker; but only the dispositions
They placed certain things in that matter, to which I, that is, the mind (which I alone now
I have judged that (I take it for myself) there is: and therefore there is no difficulty about them here.
It may be, but it must be concluded, from the mere fact that I exist,
and let there be in me a certain idea of ​​the most perfect being, that is, of God,
It is most clearly demonstrated that God also exists.

It only remains to examine by what reason I received this idea from God, 
For I have not absorbed it with my senses, nor has it ever come to me without expecting it,
as ideas of sensible things are wont to be, when these things are perceived by the external senses
They occur, or seem to occur, to the organs; nor was it even made by me,
For I can clearly take nothing away from it, add nothing to it, and
Therefore, it remains that it is innate to me, just as it is also innate to me.
the idea of ​​myself.

And of course it is not surprising that God, when creating me, gave me that idea, so that
It would be like a mark of the artist imprinted on his work; nor is there any need to
That note is something different from the work itself, but from this one thing that God
created me, it is very credible that I am somehow in the image and
that he was made in his likeness, and that likeness in which the idea of ​​God
contained, to be perceived by me through the same faculty through which I myself perceive myself
I am perceived, that is, when I turn my mind's eye to myself, not only
I understand that I am an incomplete thing, and dependent on another, and a thing to be
greater, and greater or better indefinitely aspiring, but at the same time 
I also understand that he, on whom I depend, does not have all these greater things indefinitely and
only power, but actually having it infinitely within itself, and thus being God;
And the whole force of the argument lies in the fact that I acknowledge that it is impossible for
I exist of such a nature as I am, namely having the idea of ​​God within me, unless
In reality, God also existed, I say, that same God whose idea is in me,
This is having all those perfections which I do not comprehend, but
I can reach it in any way I can think of, and with absolutely no defects.
From which it is sufficiently clear that he cannot be deceitful: all
For fraud and deception depend on some defect in natural light.
It is obvious.

But before I examine this more carefully, and at the same time into other truths which
I will inquire from there what can be gathered; please let me spend some time here in God's own
to linger in contemplation, to weigh its attributes with me, and to
The beauty of this light, how much more can the edges of my darkening intellect bear?
will be able to look at, admire, adore. For in this alone divine 
The highest happiness of another's life consists in the contemplation of his majesty.
We believe in faith, so also now from the same, although much less perfect
To be able to perceive the greatest pleasure of which we are capable in this life.
We experience.




Meditation IV. On truth and falsehood.


So these days I have become accustomed to diverting my mind from my senses, and so
I have accurately observed that there are very few things that are truly about physical things.
may be perceived, and much more about the human mind, much more still about God
to be known, so that now without any difficulty one can separate thought from things
imaginables to intelligibles only, and secret from all matter
I will convert: and indeed I have a much more distinct idea of ​​the human mind,
insofar as it is a thinking thing, not extended in length, breadth, and
deep, having nothing else from the body than the idea of ​​something 
corporeal: and when I consider that I doubt whether it is an incomplete thing and
dependent, so clear and distinct is the idea of ​​an independent being and
complete, that is, of God, occurs to me; and from this one thing, that such an idea in
It is me, or that I exist having that idea, so clearly
I conclude that God also exists, and that from Him the whole world is created at every moment.
My existence depends on it, as nothing is more evident, nothing is more certain than human
I trust that it can be known by the intellect. And now I seem to see some way through
than from that contemplation of the true God, in whom are all treasures
of hidden sciences and wisdom, for the knowledge of other things
Let it come.

For first of all I acknowledge that it is impossible for him to ever deceive me; in every
For by fallacy or deception some imperfection is discovered; and
Although being able to deceive may seem to be a measure of sharpness or power.
argument, undoubtedly wanting to deceive or malice | or 
It testifies to weakness, and therefore does not fall into God.

Then I experience that there is a certain faculty of judgment in me, which I certainly, as
And all the rest that is in me I received from God, even if He does not want me.
He certainly did not give me such a power that, as long as I use it correctly, I can never deceive.
to err.

Nor would any doubt remain about this matter, unless it seemed to follow from this that I
Therefore, I can never err, for if there is anything in me, I have it from God,
Nor has he given me any possibility of error, I don't think I ever could.
And so it is, as long as I think only of God, and entirely of Him.
I turn, finding no cause of error or falsehood; but
Afterwards, returning to myself, I experience that I am still in countless errors.
Obligatory, whose cause, when I inquire, I notice not only the God, or the being
highly perfect, real and positive, but also, so to speak, worthless,
or a certain negative idea of ​​something that is extremely far from all perfection
to be confronted by me, and me as something intermediate between God and nothing, or
between the supreme being and non-being is constituted in such a way that, insofar as a 
I was created by the supreme being, there is indeed nothing in me by which I may be deceived, or in
I may be led into error, but insofar as it is also in a certain way about nothing, or about not
I participate in being, that is, insofar as I am not myself the supreme being, and they are lacking to me.
How many, it is not so strange that I am deceived: and so I certainly understand.
error, insofar as it is an error, that there is nothing real that depends on God,
But it is only a defect, and therefore I have no need to err.
some faculty for this purpose given by God, but it happens that I err from
because the ability to judge the truth that I have from him is not in me
infinite.

However, this is not yet entirely satisfactory, for it is not a pure error.
negation, but a privation, or lack of a certain knowledge, which is in me
It should be in some way; and to one who pays attention to the nature of God, it does not seem
It is possible that he has placed some faculty in me which is not in me.
perfect in its own kind, or which has some perfection due to it
private; for if the more skilled the artist, the more perfect the works from 
Let them go there, what can be done by that supreme creator of all things?
Is it true that it is not absolute in all numbers? There is no doubt that
God could have created me such that I would never be deceived; nor is there any doubt about that.
Why does he always want what is best? Isn't it better for me to be deceived?
How not to be deceived?

As I consider these things more attentively, it first occurs to me that I should not be surprised if
Some things are done by God for which I do not understand the reasons; nor about his
The existence of something is to be doubted because perhaps I will experience that it exists in some other way.
I do not understand why or how these things were done by him; for since now
I know that my nature is very weak and limited, but God's nature is
to be immense, incomprehensible, infinite, from this I also know enough
He can do countless things, the causes of which I do not know; and for this one reason
reason, that whole class of causes which is usually sought from the end in things
I consider that I have no use for physics; for it is not without rashness.
| I think that I can investigate the boundaries of God. 

It also occurs not in any one creature separately, but in the whole of things.
The universe is to be viewed as often as possible to determine whether the works of God are perfect.
We inquire: for perhaps not undeservedly, if it were only, it would be very
It would seem imperfect, as having the character of a part in the world.
most perfect; and although since I have wanted to doubt everything, I have yet to doubt anything
Besides myself, I have known for certain that God exists, yet I cannot, since
I have noticed the immense power of God, and I cannot deny that many other things have been done by Him.
are, or at least can be, so much so that I consider the reason for the part in things
I will obtain a university degree.

Then, approaching myself more closely, and what my errors are (which alone
(They accuse me of some imperfection) investigating, I warn them from
to depend on two factors concurring at the same time, namely on the ability
of knowing what is in me, and from the faculty of choosing or from the will
by freedom, that is, from the intellect, and at the same time from the will. For by the sole
I perceive only the ideas of which to pass judgment 
I can, and there is no error properly speaking in it, viewed precisely in this way.
is found; for although perhaps innumerable things exist, the ideas of which
There are none in me, yet I am not properly deprived of them, but only negatively.
I must be called destitute, because I can offer no reason by which
I would like to prove that God has given me a greater ability to know than he has given me.
and however much I understand him to be a skilled craftsman, yet he is not
Therefore I think that he places all perfections in each of his works.
should have been which he can put in some. Nor indeed can I complain either.
that he does not have a sufficiently broad and perfect will, or freedom of choice
I received it from God, for I truly do not experience it to be circumscribed by any limits.
And what seems to me to be very noteworthy is that there are no others in me that are so perfect,
or so great that I do not understand that there could be more perfect or greater things still.
For if, for example, I consider the faculty of understanding, I immediately recognize
that it is very small and very finite in me, and at the same time other 
I form the idea of ​​something much greater, nay, greatest, and infinite,
and that from the very fact that I can form an idea of ​​it, I can relate it to the nature of God.
I perceive that it belongs. For the same reason, if the ability to remember, or
I clearly find no way of imagining, or any other examination, which I do not
I understand that what is thin and circumscribed in myself is immense in God. Only
It is the will, or freedom of choice, which I experience in myself as being so great that
I will apprehend the idea of ​​no greater thing; so that it is chiefly, by reason
I understand that I am referring to a certain image and likeness of God, for
Although it is greater without comparison in God than in me, both by reason
of the knowledge and power which are attached to it, and render it
more firm and effective; also by reason of the object, since it is applicable to more things
extends; yet, viewed formally and precisely, it does not seem greater in itself,
because it consists only in doing the same thing or not doing it (this
is to affirm or deny, to pursue or flee) we can, or rather in
only because to what is proposed to us by the intellect 
Whether to affirm or deny, whether to pursue or flee, we are thus led to believe,
so that we feel that we are determined to it by no external force. For there is no need
It is that I can be carried in either direction so that I am free, but against which more
I lean towards one, either because I clearly see the reason for truth and good in it.
I understand, whether because God so arranges the innermost parts of my thought, so much the
I choose it more freely; neither divine grace nor natural knowledge
They never diminish freedom, but rather increase and strengthen it.
But that indifference which I experience, when no reason can bring me into one
pushes one side more than the other, is the lowest degree of freedom, and
no perfection in it, but only a deficiency in knowledge,
or it testifies to a certain negation; for if there is always something true and good
I would see clearly, never about what was to be judged or chosen.
I would deliberate, and so, although completely free, I would never be indifferent.
I could be.

But from these I perceive and will the power which I have from God, by itself 
The cause of my errors is considered; for it is very extensive, and in its own way
perfect in kind; nor even the power of understanding, for whatever I understand,
Since I have from God to understand, I undoubtedly understand correctly, and not in that
It is possible that I may be mistaken. Where then do my errors arise? namely from this
One is that since the will is wider open than the intellect, it is not within
I keep the same limits, but I also extend them to those things I do not understand.
To which, since he is indifferent, he easily deviates from the true and the good, and thus
I am both mistaken and sinful.

For example, when I was examining these days whether anything in the world
would exist, and I would notice, from the very fact that I was examining it,
clearly follow that I exist, I could not indeed not judge that which
I understood so clearly that it was true, not that I was influenced by any external force.
forced to do so, but because from great light in the intellect great things have been achieved
inclination in the will, and thus that all the more spontaneously and freely
I believed, how much less was I indifferent to that very thing. But now, 
I not only know that I exist, insofar as I am a certain thinking thing, but
Moreover, a certain idea of ​​corporeal nature also confronts me,
And it happens that I doubt whether the thinking nature that is in me, or rather
which I myself am, is different from this corporeal nature, or are they both?
are the same; and I suppose that no reason has yet occurred to my understanding,
Which convinces me of one thing more than another, I am certainly of this very nature.
indifferent to either affirming or denying, or even to nothing
A judgment must be made on that matter.

Moreover, this indifference does not extend only to those things about which
The intellect knows nothing clearly, but generally applies to everything that comes from it.
They are not sufficiently clearly known at the very time when they are spoken of by the will.
is deliberated; for however probable conjectures may draw me into one
part, the only knowledge that there are only conjectures, and not certain
and indubitable reasons, is sufficient for my assent to the contrary.
to be pushed. Which I have experienced enough these days, when all those 
which I had previously believed to be most true, for this one reason that I heard about them.
I had somehow discovered that it could be doubted, and I assumed that it was clearly false.

But since I do not perceive what is true clearly and distinctly enough, if
Indeed, I refrain from passing judgment, it is clear that I am acting correctly, and not
to be mistaken, but if I either affirm or deny, then by freedom of choice I am not right.
I use it; and if I turn to that side which is false, it is clear
I will be deceived; but if I embrace the other, I will indeed accidentally fall into
truth, but I will not be free from blame because it is manifest in natural light.
It is the perception of the intellect that must always precede the perception of the will.
determination; and in this, the deprivation of free will, not in the right use
That which constitutes the form of error is in it, privation, I say, is in it.
by the operation itself, insofar as it proceeds from me, but not in a capacity other than from God.
I received, nor even in operation insofar as it depends on him.

For I have no reason to complain that God has not given me
greater power of understanding, whether or not greater natural light has given 
which he gave, because it is of the nature of the finite intellect that many things are not
understands, and it is of the nature of the created intellect to be finite, and it is that
I will thank him who never owed me anything for what he has given me.
It is, but not that I think I am deprived of that, or that I am deprived of that.
He took away what he did not give.

I also have no reason to complain that he gave a wider will.
more open than the understanding, for when the will is in only one thing, and
as if it consists in an indivisible thing, its nature does not seem to bear that
nothing can be taken from it; and of course the larger it is, the greater the
I owe thanks to its giver.

Nor should I complain, finally, that God concurs with me in eliciting
those acts of the will, or those judgments in which I am mistaken: for they
The acts are entirely true and good, insofar as they depend on God, and the greater in me
In a way, it is a perfection that I can elicit them rather than if I could not.
But privation, in which the only formal reason for falsehood and guilt 
consists, it needs no intervention from God, because it is not a thing, nor does it have to do with Him.
It is related as a cause of privation, but only negation should be called. For indeed
There is no imperfection in God, for He has given me the freedom to assent.
or not to agree with some, whose clear and distinct perception
He did not place it in my understanding, but undoubtedly there is imperfection in me,
that I do not use this freedom well, and about things that I do not understand correctly
I will bear judgment. Yet I see that it could easily have been done by God, even if
I would remain free, and with finite knowledge, yet I would never err, namely if
or to my intellect a clear and distinct perception of all things about which
I would never have thought of giving it; or only if it was so firmly
had impressed upon his memory, that no matter should ever be judged more clearly and
I would not understand it clearly, so that I could never forget it; and it would be easy
I understand myself, insofar as I have the account of a certain whole, to be more perfect.
I would have been what I am now, if I had been made such by God. But not for that reason.
| I cannot deny that there is in some way a greater perfection in the whole of things 
the universe that some of its parts are not immune from errors,
But they may be different than if they were all completely similar, and I have no right to do so.
to complain that God wanted to support me in the world as that person who
It is not the most important of all, nor the most perfect.

And furthermore, so that I cannot abstain from errors, in the previous
only that which depends on the evident perception of all those things about which it is
to deliberate, I can nevertheless with that other who depends on it only that
Remember, whenever the truth of a matter is not clear, that it is not necessary to pass judgment.
for although I may experience that weakness in myself, that I should not
I can always cling to one and the same knowledge, yet I can
Through attentive and often repeated meditation, to bring about the same, as often as possible,
It will require, I remember, and thus I will acquire a certain habit of not making mistakes.

Since in this matter the greatest and most important perfection of man consists, not a little
I believe that I have gained from today's meditation, because of the error and 
I will investigate the cause of falsehood: and indeed there can be no other than it.
which I have explained, for whenever I thus restrain my will in making judgments,
so that it extends only to those things which are clearly and distinctly beyond his understanding.
are exhibited, it is clearly impossible for me to be mistaken, because every clear and
Distinct perception is undoubtedly something, and therefore from nothing.
It cannot be, but it necessarily has God as its author, I say that God.
It is supremely perfect, which it is repugnant to consider fallacious, and therefore undoubtedly is.
true. Nor have I learned today only what I must be careful of so that I may never be deceived,
But at the same time, what must I do to attain the truth? For I will attain it.
Indeed, if only I pay sufficient attention to everything that I understand perfectly,
and I will separate those from the rest which I apprehend more confusedly and obscurely.
I will devote my attention to this matter diligently in the future.




Meditation V. On the essence of material things, and again on God, which 
exist.


Many things remain to me about God's attributes, many things about myself, or my own mind.
My nature needs to be investigated, but perhaps I will resume it at another time, and now nothing.
It seems more urgent (after I noticed what to be careful of and what to do)
(it is to attain the truth) than as from doubts, in which the above
I fell into it a few days ago, I will try to emerge, and see if there is anything certain about things.
It can be had with material things.

And indeed, before I inquire whether any such things exist outside of me,
I must consider their ideas as far as they are in my thought, and
to see which of them are distinct, and which are confused.

For I distinctly imagine the quantity which philosophers commonly call
continuous, either of its quantity, or rather of the extension of the thing in quantity
long, wide, and deep; in number various parts in it; any 
in these parts, sizes, shapes, positions, and local movements,
and to these movements I assign whatever durations I wish.

And not only that, viewed in general, is clearly known and understood by me.
There are, but in addition there are also countless particulars about figures, about number,
I perceive by paying attention to motion and the like, the truth of which is so clear.
It is, and it is consistent with my nature, that when I first discover it, I am not so
I seem to be learning something new, rather than what I already knew.
to remember, or to pay attention for the first time to those things which were indeed in me some time ago,
although I had not previously turned my gaze towards her.

And what I think is most important to consider here is that I find countless ideas within myself.
of certain things, which even if perhaps do not exist anywhere outside of me,
yet they can be said to be nothing; and although by me in a certain way at will
They may be thought of, yet they are not invented by me, but they have their own true and
immutable natures: as when, for example, I imagine a triangle, even though
for|tasse such a figure nowhere else outside my thought 
exists, nor has it ever existed, yet it is certainly a certain determinate
its nature, whether essence or form, is immutable and eternal, which is
It is not made by me, nor does it depend on my mind, as is clear from the fact that
Various properties of this triangle can be demonstrated, namely that
Its three angles are equal to two right angles; that is, its greatest angle
The largest side is subtended, and similar ones, which I would like or not clearly now
I recognize, even though I had never thought about them before, when the triangle
I imagined them, and therefore they were not made by me.

Nor is it relevant, if I say, that perhaps I am affected by external things through my organs.
that this idea of ​​a triangle has come to the senses, because, namely, triangular bodies
I have sometimes seen things having a shape, for I can see countless other shapes.
to think of, about which there can be no suspicion that I have ever
The senses have slipped away, and yet various things about them, no less than about
triangle, to demonstrate the properties. Which of course are all true, 
since they are clearly known to me, and therefore they are something, not merely
nothing: for it is clear that everything that is true is something; and now
I have amply demonstrated all those things which I clearly know to be true; and although
I would not have demonstrated that, it is certainly the nature of my mind that nevertheless I would not
I could not agree with them, at least as long as I clearly perceive them; and I remember myself.
always, even before this time, with the objects of the senses as much as possible
I would cling to such truths, namely those about figures or numbers,
or others to Arithmetic, or Geometry, or in general to pure and
I clearly recognized the abstract mathematics that pertained to all
to have had the most certain.

Now, if from the mere fact that I can form an idea of ​​something from thought,
to bring out my own, follows all that pertains to that matter clearly and
I clearly perceive that it really belongs to her, whether it is also derived from her
Can there be an argument by which the existence of God can be proven? Certainly the idea of ​​him, namely
of a supremely perfect being, I find in myself no less than the idea 
of any figure or number; nor do I understand it any less clearly and distinctly
It is of its nature to always exist, rather than that which is of some
I demonstrate by figure or number to the nature of its figure or number also.
and therefore, although not everything that has happened in the past these days
I thought they were true, with the same minimum degree of certainty.
The existence of God should be with me, in which there have been hitherto mathematical
truths.

Although this is not entirely clear at first glance, it is a certain
It refers to a kind of sophism. For since I am accustomed to it in all other matters
To distinguish existence from essence, I easily convince myself that it also
that it can be separated from the essence of God, and thus that God is not actually existing
to be thought of: but yet to the one who pays more careful attention it becomes clear, not more
existence can be separated from the essence of God, rather than from the essence of the triangle
the magnitude of its three angles equal to two right angles, or from the idea
the idea of ​​a mountain and a valley: so that it is no more repugnant to think of God (this
is | a supremely perfect being) who lacks existence (this is who lacks 
some perfection) than to think of a mountain that lacks a valley.

However, I cannot even think of God as existing, so that neither
a mountain without a valley, but certainly not from the fact that I think of a mountain with
valley, therefore it follows that there is some mountain in the world, so neither from the fact that
I think of God as existing, therefore it seems to follow that God exists: no
For my thought imposes necessity on things; and how can I imagine
Although a winged horse, even if no horse has wings, so perhaps God
I can imagine existence, even though no God exists.

Indeed, there is a sophism here, for it is not because I cannot think of a mountain
except with a valley, it follows that somewhere a mountain and a valley exist, but only
A mountain and a valley, whether they exist or not, are separated from each other.
But from the fact that I cannot think of God except as existing,
It follows that existence is inseparable from God, and therefore that He is truly
to exist, not that my coercion|tation makes this happen, or some 
imposes the necessity of any thing, but on the contrary because of the thing itself, namely
of the existence of God, necessity determines me to think this: for neither
For me it is free to have God without existence (this is a supremely perfect being).
(without the highest perfection) to think, as is free, of a horse or with wings,
or imagine it without wings.

Nor should it be said here either, that it is indeed necessary that I should posit God.
existing, after I have posited that he has all perfections, since
Existence is one of them, but it does not require a prior position.
so that it is not necessary for me to think that all figures are quadrilaterals.
to be inscribed in a circle, but assuming that I think this, I will be forced to admit it.
A rhombus is inscribed in a circle, which is clearly false. For although it is not
It is necessary that I should ever fall into any thought about God, whenever
Nevertheless, I like to think about the first and highest being, and to think of its idea as if from
It is necessary to draw out from the treasury of my mind, so that it may possess all perfections.
I will attribute, even if I do not list them all then, nor to each 
I will pay attention: which necessity is clearly sufficient so that later, when I notice
existence is perfection, I will rightly conclude that it is the first and highest being.
exist: just as it is not necessary for me to ever have any triangle
to imagine, but whenever I want a rectilinear figure with only three angles
Having to consider, it is necessary that I attribute to him those things from which he rightly
It is inferred that its three angles are not greater than two right angles, even if this
I will not notice it then. But when I examine what shape the circle is
are inscribed, it is by no means necessary for me to think that all quadrilaterals are from it.
to be in number; indeed, I cannot even imagine that itself, as long as nothing
I want to admit nothing except what I understand clearly and distinctly: and therefore great
There is a difference between such false positions and true ideas for me.
innateness, the first and foremost of which is the idea of ​​God: for indeed in many ways
I understand that it is not something fictitious depending on my thought, but
an image of true and immutable nature; as, first, because | no other 
A thing can be conceived by me to whose essence existence belongs.
besides God alone; then, because I cannot have two, or more of the same kind
To understand the gods; and because, assuming that one already exists, I clearly see
It is necessary that it both existed before from eternity and will exist forever.
and finally that I will perceive many other things in God, none of which I can
It can neither be taken away nor changed.

But no matter what method of proof I use, the matter always comes back to this:
Only those things clearly convince me which I perceive clearly and distinctly. And indeed
From those which I thus perceive, even if some are obvious to everyone, others
but only by those who look more closely and investigate diligently,
are discovered; however, after they have been discovered, the latter are no less certain than the former.
are considered. So that although it is not so easily apparent in a right-angled triangle
The square of the base is equal to the squares of the sides, which is the greatest base.
to be extended under its corner, yet it is no less believed, after it is once
insight. But as for God, certainly without prejudices 
I would be overwhelmed, and images of sensible things would occupy my thoughts from every side.
were to besiege, I would recognize nothing earlier or more easily than that, for what from itself
It is more open than the supreme being, or God, to whose essence alone
Does existence pertain to existing?

And, although I needed careful consideration for this very thing,
to be perceived, yet now I am not only equally certain of it, but of all
another thing that seems most certain; but in addition I also notice
The certainty of other things depends on this very thing, so that without it
Nothing can ever be known perfectly.

For although I am of that nature, as long as something is very clearly and distinctly
I perceive, I cannot help but believe that it is true, because yet I am also his.
nature so that I cannot always fix my mind's gaze on the same thing
that it should be clearly perceived, and the memory of the judgment before the deed should often return,
When I no longer pay attention to the reasons why I made such a decision,
Other reasons can be given which, if I were ignorant of God, I could easily 
They would cast off their opinion, and thus never be true and certain about anything.
knowledge, but I would have only vague and changeable opinions. Thus, for example
The reason, when I consider the nature of a triangle, is very clear to me,
Since it is imbued with the principles of geometry, it appears that its three angles are equal.
to be two right ones; nor can I help believing that it is true as long as it is
I pay attention to his demonstration, but as soon as I lose my focus from it
I turned away, although I still remember that I saw her very clearly,
However, it can easily happen that I doubt whether it is true, if indeed God
I do not know: for I can convince myself that I was made such by nature that
Sometimes I am mistaken in those things which I think I perceive most clearly, when
I especially remember that I often held many things to be true and certain, which
Afterwards, led by other reasons, I judged them to be false.

But after I realized that God exists, because at the same time I also understood the rest
that everything depends on him, and that he is not deceitful; and from that I gathered that
all that I clearly and distinctly perceive to be necessarily true, 
Even if I don't pay any more attention to the reasons why this is true.
I judged, I only remember that I saw clearly and distinctly, no
A contrary reason can be brought forward which would lead me to doubt, but the true one
and I have certain knowledge of this. And not only of this, but also of
to all the rest that I remember having demonstrated at some time, such as
Geometrical and similar things: for what will now be opposed to me? I will do such a thing.
Has it happened that I am often deceived? But now I know that I am in those things which are clearly
I understand that it is impossible to be mistaken: I consider many other things as true and certain.
had, which were later discovered to be false? But none of them clearly and
I had clearly perceived it, but was unaware of this rule of truth due to other
I had perhaps believed reasons which I later discovered to be less firm. What then?
Will it be said? Am I not (as I was objecting to myself recently) perhaps dreaming, or is she
Everything I think now is no more true than what I think when I'm sleeping.
Do they occur? Indeed, this also changes nothing, for certainly, although
dreams, if anything is evident to my intellect, it is absolutely 
true.

And thus I clearly see the certainty and truth of all science from one source.
depend on the knowledge of the true God, so much so that, before I knew him, I knew nothing about him.
I could know perfectly about no other thing. Indeed, countless things, both about him and
God, and other intellectual things, and also about all that nature
The corporeal, which is the object of pure mathematics, is clearly known and certain to me.
They can be .




Meditation VI. On the existence of material things, and the real separation of the mind from the body.
distinction.


It remains for me to examine whether material things exist: and indeed I have already come to
At least I know that they, insofar as they are pure objects of mathematics, can
exist, since I perceive them clearly and distinctly. For I do not
It is doubtful that God is capable of accomplishing all those things which I thus 
I am capable of perceiving; and I have never judged that anything could not be done by Him,
except for the fact that it would be repugnant to me to perceive it distinctly. Furthermore
from the ability to imagine, which I try to use when dealing with these things
I turn to the material world, and it seems to follow that they exist: for I am more attentive
To one who considers what imagination is, it appears to be nothing other than
a certain application of the cognitive faculty to the body itself
present and therefore existing.

To make this clear, I first examine the difference between
imagination and pure intellection. For example, when
I imagine a triangle, I don't just understand that it is a three-sided figure.
comprised of lines, but at the same time also those three lines as if
I look at the present in the mind's eye, and this is what I call imagining. If
But I would like to think about the kilogon, I understand it just as well.
to be a figure consisting of a thousand sides, and I understand it to be a triangle
a figure consisting of three, but not in the same way those thousand sides 
I imagine, or I look upon it as if it were present: and although then, because of
the habit of always imagining something whenever I think about a physical thing,
Perhaps some figure vaguely represents me, yet it is clear that it is not
to be a kilogon, because in nothing is different from it than for me also
I would represent, if it were a polygon, or any other figure with many sides.
I would think; nor does it help anything to those properties, for which a kilogonum from
It differs from other polygons, you must recognize. But if the question is about a pentagon,
I can indeed understand its shape, like the shape of a kilogon, without
with the help of imagination; but I can also imagine the same thing, by applying
namely, the line of mind to its five sides, and at the same time to the area around them
content; and here I clearly notice a peculiar kind of mind
There is a need for contention to imagine, which I do not use to understand:
which new mental contention distinguishes the difference between imagination and
| clearly shows pure intellection. 

To this end I consider that power of imagination which is in me, as it differs from
by the power of understanding, to my own, that is, to the essence of my mind, not
required; for although she were absent from me, I would undoubtedly remain nonetheless.
He is the same person who I am now; hence it seems to follow from something else about me.
different things depend on each other; and I easily understand: if there exists some body to which
The mind is so connected that it can look at it as if at will.
applies, it is possible, that by this very means I imagine corporeal things; so much so that
This way of thinking differs from pure intellection in this only, that
The mind, while it understands, in a way turns to itself and looks back.
some of the ideas which are within him; but when he imagines, he
turn to the body, and something in it is an idea either understood by itself, or
Let it be viewed in accordance with the sense perceived. I say, I understand easily.
imagination can be thus perfected, provided that the body exists; and because no
Another equally suitable way to explain it probably occurs to me.
From this I conjecture that the body exists; | but only probably, and 
Although I investigate everything carefully, I still do not see any of its nature.
The distinct idea of ​​a body, which I find in my imagination, is taken as any
It is possible to have an argument that necessarily concludes that some body exists.

But I am accustomed to imagine many other things besides that corporeal nature, which
is the object of pure mathematics, such as colors, sounds, tastes, pain, and
similar, but none so distinctly; and because I perceive these better by sense, from
which they seem to have reached with the help of memory to the imagination; in order to more conveniently
I will do the same work with them, the same work must also be done with regard to the sense, and it must be seen whether from
For those things which are perceived by this way of thinking, which I call sense, certain
I can have some argument for the existence of corporeal things.

And first, indeed, I will repeat to myself here what those things are which I have previously said,
I thought that what I perceived through the senses was true, and for what reasons I thought that; then
I will also consider the reasons why I later called the same into doubt; and
Finally, I will consider what I should now believe about them. 

At first, therefore, I felt that I had a head, hands, feet, and other limbs, from
which consist of that body which is as if a part of me, or perhaps even
It was as if I was looking at my whole self; and I felt this body among many other bodies.
to be concerned with, from which various advantages or disadvantages can be affected, and
These advantages are in a certain sense of pleasure, and disadvantages are in a sense of pain.
I measured. And besides pain and pleasure, I also felt within myself
hunger, thirst, and other such appetites; as well as certain bodily
propensities for cheerfulness, sadness, anger, and others like them
affections; but outside, besides the extension of bodies, and shapes, and
movements, I also felt hardness, heat, and other tactile sensations in them.
qualities; and besides light, and colors, and smells, and tastes, and
sounds, from the variety of which the sky, the earth, the seas, and the other bodies are
I distinguished one from another. And certainly not without reason, because of the ideas of all these
qualities which offered themselves to my thought, and which alone 
I felt it directly and directly, I thought I felt certain things from my own perspective.
in thought, clearly different, namely, the bodies from which these ideas
for I experienced them without any consent of mine.
to arrive, so much so that I could not even feel any object, even though I wanted to,
unless that sense organ were present; nor could I not feel it when it was
present; and since the ideas perceived by the senses would be much more vivid and
expressed, and in its own way more distinct, than any of those which
I myself, prudent and knowing, by meditating, I depicted, or imprinted on my memory
I noticed, it seemed impossible that they would proceed from me; and therefore
It remained for them to come from certain other things. Of these things with
I would have no knowledge from any other source than from these very ideas, it could not be
Nothing else comes to my mind other than that they are similar to them. And also
Because I remembered that I had used my senses before reason, and I saw
the ideas that I myself was portraying were not as expressed as those 
There were those which I perceived with my senses, and were mostly composed of their parts,
I easily convinced myself that I had absolutely no knowledge in my intellect that I did not possess.
I would have had it in my senses before. Nor was that body without reason, which
I called it my own by a special right, something that pertained to me more than others.
I thought nothing of it; for I could never be separated from him, as from
to the rest; all appetites and affections in him, and I felt for him; and
finally, pain and the tickling of pleasure in its parts, but not
I noticed in others placed outside it. But why from this I know not where
A certain sadness of mind from the sense of pain, and from the sense of tickling
Some kind of joy ensues, I don't know what kind of twitching that curve is.
Let the stomach, which I call hunger, remind me of taking food, but let the throat
Dryness from drinking, and so from the rest, I had no other reason,
unless I am taught so by nature; for there is clearly no affinity
(at least as far as I understand) between that twitching and eating food
will, or between the sense of the thing inducing pain, and 
the thought of sadness arising from that feeling. But also all the rest that
I judged about the objects of the senses, I seemed to have learned from nature: for before
I had convinced myself that she was so, that there were no reasons for this.
If it were approved, I would have weighed it.

Later, however, many experiments gradually gave me all the faith I could muster in my senses.
I had been shaken, for sometimes the towers which seemed round
They had been from afar, they appeared square from close up, and the statues
Very large standing on their peaks, not large when viewed from the ground.
and in countless other such things in the things of the external senses
I discovered that judgments were mistaken; not only those of externals, but also
internal, for what can be more intimate than pain? Yet I had heard
Sometimes those who had had their leg or arm amputated would tell themselves
It seems that they still sometimes feel pain in the part of the body that they lacked;
And therefore, even in me, some member seemed to me not to be completely certain.
to grieve, although | I felt pain in him. To which also two most 
I recently added general reasons for doubt: the first was that no one ever
While I am awake, I believe I can feel things that I cannot even while sleeping.
Sometimes I think I feel; and when those things which I seem to feel are in
dreams, I do not believe that they come to me from things placed outside of me, not
I was noticing, why would I rather believe that about the things I seem to feel?
The second was that since I still did not know the author of my origin,
Or at least I would pretend to be ignorant, I saw nothing to prevent me from being less.
I was so constituted by nature that I was deceived, even in those things which were most true to me.
And as for the reasons by which previously sensible things were
I had convinced myself of the truth, and I had no difficulty in answering them. When
For I seemed to be driven by nature to many things which reason dissuaded, not
I thought that much trust should be placed in what is taught by nature. And although
The perceptions of the senses do not depend on my will, not therefore
I could conclude that they proceed from things different from me, 
Because perhaps there may be some ability within myself, even if I do not yet have it.
known, the producer of them.

But now, since I am beginning to understand myself and my origin better,
To know, indeed not all that I seem to have from the senses, I think is rash.
to be admitted, but not all of them to be called into doubt.

And first, since I know all things that I understand clearly and distinctly, such things are from
I understand that such things as these can happen to God, it is enough that I can do one thing.
to understand clearly and distinctly without the other, so that I may be certain of one from
the other is different, because it can at least be placed separately from God; and not
It matters from what power it is done, so that it is considered different; and therefore, from
by the very fact that I know that I exist, and that in the meantime there is clearly nothing else to
I will notice that my nature, or essence, pertains, besides this alone
Because I am a thinking thing, I rightly conclude that my essence is in this one thing.
to stand, that I am a thinking thing. And although perhaps (or rather as
I will say later, for sure I have a body that is very close to me 
It is conjoined, because nevertheless on one hand I have a clear and distinct idea.
of myself insofar as I am only a thinking thing, not an extended one; and from another
a distinct idea of ​​a body, insofar as it is only an extended thing, not
thinking, it is certain that I am truly distinct from my body, and without
that it could exist.

Furthermore, I find in myself abilities in certain special ways.
thinking, for example the faculties of imagination and feeling, without which
I can understand myself clearly and distinctly, but not vice versa.
without me, that is, without the intelligent substance in which they are contained: intellection
For they include some in their formal concept from which I perceive them.
from me, so that the modes may be distinguished from the thing. I also acknowledge certain other faculties,
such as changing places, putting on various shapes, and the like, which indeed, are not
more than the preceding ones, without any substance in which they are contained, they can
understood, nor therefore also exist without it, but manifest 
is these, since they exist, they must be present in corporeal substances or
extended, but not intelligent, because namely some extension, but not
Any clear understanding is contained in their clear and distinct concept.
Now, indeed, there is in me a certain passive faculty of feeling, or of forming ideas.
To receive and know sensible things, but to have no use for them
I could, unless some active power also existed, either in me or in another,
the ability to produce or implement these ideas. And this is certainly in me.
It cannot be by itself, because it clearly presupposes no understanding, and
These ideas are produced without my cooperation, but often even against my will: therefore
It remains for it to be in some substance different from me, in which, since every
Reality must exist either formally or eminently, which is objectively
in the ideas produced by that faculty, (as I have already noted above) or
This substance is the body, or corporeal nature, in which all things are.
are formally contained in ideas objectively; either God certainly exists, or
some creature more noble in body in which they are eminently contained. 
But since God is not deceitful, it is quite clear that He is not by Himself.
to send those ideas to me directly, nor even through the intermediary of any
a creature in which their objective reality is not formally, but eminently
Let it be contained only. For since he has given me absolutely no ability for this
It must be acknowledged, but on the contrary, a great propensity to believe that those things are
sent forth from the corporeal, I do not see by what reason it could be understood that he is not
fallacious, if they were emitted from any other source than from corporeal things: And consequently things
corporeal beings exist. Yet perhaps not all of them exist at all such as they are.
I comprehend them with the senses; since this comprehension of the senses in many
It is very obscure and confused; but at least all those things are in them which
I understand clearly and distinctly, that is, everything generally considered that is in
Pure mathematics is understood by its object.

But as regards the rest which are either only particular, such as
that the sun is of such a size, or shape, etc., or less clearly
understood, such as light, sound, pain, and the like, although very doubtful and
may be uncertain, yet this very thing, that God is not deceitful, and that therefore
It is impossible for any falsehood to be found in my opinions, unless
There may also be some ability in me given by God to improve it,
It shows me a certain hope of attaining truth even in them. And indeed
There is no doubt that all the things I am taught have something to do with nature.
truth: For by nature, viewed generally, there is now nothing else than
either God himself, or the coordination of created things instituted by God
I understand; nor is there anything else by my nature in particular than my complexion.
of all those things which are given to me by God.

But there is nothing that this nature teaches me more expressly than that
I have a body that is sick when I feel pain: which is caused by food or drink.
needs, when I suffer hunger, or thirst, and the like; nor should I doubt it.
I must, lest there be any truth in it.

Nature also teaches through these senses | of pain, hunger, thirst, etc. 
I am not only present to my body as a sailor is present to a ship, but to her.
to be very closely joined together, and as it were mixed together, so much so that one thing with
I will make amends with him; for otherwise, when the body is injured, I, who have nothing else to do,
I am thinking about things, I would not feel pain because of that, but with pure understanding.
I would perceive that injury, as a sailor perceives by sight if there is anything on the ship.
be broken; and when the body needs food or drink, this itself is expressly
I would understand, I would not have confused feelings of hunger and thirst. For certainly these
The sensations of thirst, hunger, pain, etc. are nothing more than some confused
Ways of thinking arise from the union and, as it were, the mingling of the mind with the body.

Furthermore, I am also taught by nature various other bodies around my body.
exist, some of which I must pursue, others I must avoid. And
certainly from the fact that I perceive very different colors, sounds, smells, tastes,
I rightly conclude that heat, hardness, and the like are some of the
bodies, from which these various perceptions of the senses arise | 
They arrive, with varieties corresponding to them, even if perhaps not similar to them;
and because some of those perceptions are pleasant to me,
Others are ungrateful, it is quite certain that my body, or rather my whole self,
Inasmuch as I am composed of body and mind, with various advantages and
that it may be affected by the inconveniences of the surrounding bodies.

But there are many other things which, even though I seem to be learned by nature, I am not.
Not really from her, but from a certain habit of judging thoughtlessly.
I received, and therefore it easily happens that it is false; as that everything
a space in which absolutely nothing occurs that moves my senses,
vacuum; that in a body, for example, a hot one, there is something quite similar
of the idea of ​​heat which is in me: whether in white or green there is the same whiteness or
the greenness that I feel; the same taste in bitter or sweet and so on with the rest;
that both the stars and the towers, and any other remote bodies are only his
the size and shape that they present to my senses, and other things of that kind.
But lest I perceive something in this matter not clearly enough, more accurately 
I must define what I mean specifically when I say that I am taught something by
nature; namely, here I take nature more strictly than for their complexion
of all that God has given me; for in this complexion there are many things
are contained which pertain to the mind alone, such as that I perceive what
It has become impossible to be untainted, and all the rest that is in the light
There are natural signs, of which we are not speaking here; there are also many things which are
They only look at the body, as if it were directed downwards, and similar things about which
I also do not act, but only about those things which are for me as composed from the mind and
They are given to the body by God. And therefore this nature teaches us to flee from them.
which induce the sense of pain and pursue those which induce the sense of pleasure, and
such things; but it does not appear that it teaches us anything else than that
perceptions of the senses without a prior examination of the intellect about things outside
Let us conclude, having placed ourselves, because knowing the truth about them is not for the mind alone,
but it seems to belong to the composite. Thus, although the star is not more
My eye | may be affected by a small fire, yet there is no fire in it 
The real, or positive, propensity is to believe that it is not greater,
But I judged this without reason from an early age; and although I was at the fire
Approaching, I feel the heat, as I also feel it approaching too close to the same person.
pain, there is certainly no reason which suggests that there is anything in fire
similar to this heat; so that not even to this pain, but only in it
There must be something, whatever it is, that causes these sensations of heat in us.
or pain: and although even in some space there is nothing that
moves the senses, it does not therefore follow that there is no body in it, but I see myself
In these and many other things it is customary to pervert the order of nature, because
namely, the perceptions of the senses, which are properly given only by nature to
It must be indicated to the mind which of the composite of which it is a part are convenient or
inconveniences, and so far they are quite clear and distinct, I use them as
certain rules for immediately distinguishing which of the bodies outside us is
the essence of the posited, about which however | nothing is known except very obscurely and 
They mean confusedly.

But I have already sufficiently seen before why, despite the goodness of God,
It may happen that my judgments are false. But a new difficulty arises here.
about those very things which seem to me to be pursued or fled from by nature
are exhibited; and also about the internal senses in which I seem to make errors
to have discovered: As when someone, deceived by the pleasant taste of some food, finds poison
He assumes it latent within. But then only is he impelled by nature to that.
We should seek what has a pleasant taste, but not what is poisonous.
He is completely ignorant of this; and nothing else can be concluded from this than that nature
not to be omniscience: which is not surprising, because, since man is a limited thing, he is not
Something other than limited perfection is appropriate to it.

But indeed we not infrequently err even in those things to which we are impelled by nature; as
When those who are sick, they crave drink or food shortly after
It may be said that perhaps they err here because their nature
be corrupted: but | this does not remove the difficulty, because no less 
Truly, a sick person is a creature of God, not less so than a healthy one.
It seems repugnant to him to have a fallible nature from God. And as
A clock made of wheels and weights reads no less accurately.
He observes all natures, when it is badly constructed, and the hours are not right.
indicates, which satisfies with every wish on the part of the artist: thus, if
I would consider the human body as a kind of machine made of bones,
so adapted and composed of nerves, muscles, veins, blood, and skin,
so that, even if no mind existed in it, it would still have all the same movements.
who is now in it not by the command of the will, nor therefore by the mind
proceed, I easily acknowledge that it would be equally natural for them if, for example
cause, suffer from dropsy, suffer that dryness of the throat which is the sensation of thirst
It is accustomed to infect the mind, and from it also its nerves and the other parts.
be so disposed that he takes a drink from which the disease increases; than, since there is no such
There is a vice in him, being moved to drink by a similar dryness of the throat 
to be assumed useful to himself. And although looking back at the preconception of the clock
I can call it a use, since it does not indicate the hours correctly, by its nature.
to deflect; and in the same way considering the mechanism of the human body
As compared to the movements that usually take place in it, I would think that it is also from
It is his nature to wander if his throat is dry, when he drinks at his own expense.
It does not benefit conservation; yet I sufficiently notice this ultimate nature.
The reception differs greatly from the other; for this is nothing other than
The name comes from my thought: a sick person, and a bad clock.
fabricated, with the idea of ​​a healthy man and a properly made clock being compared
dependent, and the things of which it is said to be extrinsic; through that, however, something
I understand that it is actually found in things, and therefore has some meaning.
of truth.

But certainly, even if, looking at the body suffering from dropsy, it is only
extrinsic denomination, when its nature is said to be corrupted, 
from the fact that he has a dry throat, and yet does not need a drink; yet looking back
to the composite, or to the mind united to such a body, it is not pure
a name, but a true error of nature that thirsts when there is drink for itself
and therefore it remains to be inquired into how the goodness of God does not
It prevents nature, thus taken, from being deceptive.

First of all, I notice here that there is a great difference between the mind and the
body, in that the body by its nature is always divisible, the mind
but it is clearly indivisible; for indeed when I consider this, whether myself
Since I am only thinking about things, I cannot take any action on myself.
distinguish, but I understand that I am clearly one and complete thing: and
Although the whole mind seems to be united to the whole body, yet with the foot cut off,
or with the arm, or with any other part of the body, therefore nothing about the mind
I know that it has been taken away; nor even the faculties of willing, of feeling,
understanding, etc. can be called its parts, because it is one and the same mind.
What he wills, what he feels, what he understands. But against it there is nothing 
corporeal, or extended, can be thought of by me than is not easily
I will divide the parts in thought, and by this very fact it is divisible.
I understand: that one thing would suffice to teach me, to separate the mind from the body altogether.
to be different, if I did not yet know that sufficiently from another source.

Next, I note that the mind is not immediately affected by all parts of the body,
but only from the brain, or perhaps even from only a small part of it
part, namely from that in which common sense is said to exist; which
Whenever it is arranged in the same way, it presents the same thing to the mind, even if
Meanwhile, the remaining parts of the body may behave in different ways, such as
Innumerable experiments prove this, which there is no need to recount here.

I further note that it is the nature of the body that no part of it can
to be moved from another part somewhat distant, without being able to be moved in the same direction
only from any of those that lie between, although that is no more remote.
As, for example, in the rope A, B, C, D, if its last point is pulled
part D, the first A will not be moved in any other way than to be moved also 
It could be, if one of the intermediate ones B or C were taken away, and the last one D remained.
unmoved. And for a similar reason, when I feel pain in my foot, it taught me
Physics, that sensation is produced by the help of nerves scattered throughout the foot, which from there
Stretched like ropes all the way to the brain, they drag while being pulled by the foot.
even the innermost parts of the brain to which they reach, and a certain movement in them
They excite, which is designed by nature to affect the mind with the sense of pain.
as if existing in the foot. But because those nerves pass through the tibia, leg,
They must pass through the waist, back, and neck, from the foot to the brain.
reach, it can happen, that even if the part of them that is in the foot
It is not touched, but only some of the intermediate ones, the same movement is clearly
It happens in the brain that happens when the foot is badly affected, from which it will be necessary that the mind
He feels the same pain, and the same must be thought of any other sense.

Finally, I note that each of the movements that take place in it
| the part of the brain which directly affects the mind, only one 
It gives him some sense that nothing better could be thought of in this matter.
than if he inflicts it, who of all those whom he can inflict upon a healthy man
It promotes conservation as much as possible, and as frequently as possible.
But experience testifies that all our senses are such from nature.
and therefore nothing is found in them that is not of God.
may testify to power and goodness. Thus, for example, when the nerves which are
They move on foot, vigorously, and out of habit, that movement of theirs
Through the spinal cord to the innermost parts of the brain, reaching there the signal to the mind.
It gives us the feeling of something, namely pain as if it were in the foot, from
whereby she is aroused to his cause as a pest to the foot, as far as it is in herself,
It could have been that the nature of man was so constituted by God that he
The same movement in the brain would present something else to the mind; namely, either itself,
as far as it is in the brain; or as far as it is in the foot; or in any of
intermediate places, or finally anything else; but nothing else 
would have been equally conducive to the preservation of the body. In the same way, with drink
We need it, a certain dryness arises from it in the throat, moving its nerves,
and with the help of their brain the interior; and this movement affects the mind by the sense
thirst, because nothing in this whole business is more useful for us to know than that
We need drink to maintain our health, and so on with the rest.

From which it is quite clear that, despite the immense goodness of God,
The nature of man as composed of mind and body cannot be impossible, not at some time.
be fallacious. For if there is any cause, not in the foot, but in any other of
parts through which the nerves extend from the foot to the brain, or even in
It clearly excites the same movement in the brain itself, which is usually excited by the foot.
affected, pain will be felt as if in the foot, and the sensation will be natural
It is mistaken, because since that same movement in the brain cannot but be the same
always bring meaning to the mind, and much more frequently it tends to arise from the cause
Which hurts the foot than from another existing elsewhere, consistent with reason
It is, as | the pain of the foot rather than of any other part of the mind always 
And if at any time the dryness of the throat does not come as usual from the fact that
The drink may be conducive to the health of the body, but for some contrary reason
arises, as happens in dropsy, it is far better to deceive her then,
than if, on the contrary, it always failed, since the body is well constituted, and thus
about the rest.

And this consideration is very helpful, not only in that it removes all the errors which
My nature is subject to notice, but also to correct them or,
or I can easily avoid it. For indeed, since I know all the senses concerning those things
They look to physical convenience much more often to tell the truth than
false, and I can almost always use several of them for the same purpose.
to be examined; and moreover memory; which presence with the preceding
connects; and with the intellect, which has already seen all the causes of error, it does not
I should fear more lest those things which are presented to me daily by the senses
They may be false, but the hyperbolic doubts of earlier days are like a smile.
worthy, are to be exploded. Especially that summation about sleep, which from wakefulness
I did not distinguish; for now I notice that there is a great difference between the two.
The difference is that insomnia never interferes with all other activities.
Let the memories of life be connected, as those which occur to the watchful; for indeed
If someone suddenly appeared to me while I was awake, and immediately afterwards
would disappear, as happens in dreams, so that neither where it came from nor
Where he would go I would see, not undeservedly rather a specter, or a phantasm in
than I would judge to be a true man. But when it
Things occur, which I clearly know from where, and when they come to me.
I notice, and their perception without any interruption with the whole
I am absolutely certain that I will connect the rest of my life, not in dreams, but in waking life.
Nor should I have the slightest doubt about their truth, if,
after all the senses, memory and intellect have been used to examine them
I have summoned them, but none of them has reported anything to me that would conflict with the others.
For from the fact that God is not deceitful, it follows that I am not at all in such matters.
| to be mistaken. But because the necessity of things to be done is not always so 
It allows for a delay in careful examination, it must be admitted that human life revolves around things.
particulars are often subject to errors, and our nature
The weakness must be acknowledged.